
         T R O U B L E D   C O M P A N Y   R E P O R T E R

              Monday, May 1, 2017, Vol. 21, No. 120

                            Headlines

1776 AMERICAN: Seeks Approval to Expand Scope of REMAX Services
5 STAR INVESTMENT: Trustee Selling Indiana Properties for $42K
ADPT DFW HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire DLA Piper as Special Counsel
ADPT DFW HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire Epiq as Claims Agent
ADPT DFW HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire FTI Consulting, Appoint CRO

ADVANCED BIOMEDICAL: Disclosures Approved; May 31 Plan Hearing
ALLWAYS EAST: Sale of Residual Assets to Phoenix for $10K Approved
AMERICAN AIRLINES: Pay Raise Pressures Credit Metrics, Fitch Says
AMERICAN CONTAINER: Hearing on Plan Outline Approval Set for May 30
AMERICAN CONTAINER: Lease and Sale of Properties to Fund Plan

AMERICAN INDEPENDENT: A.M. Best Cuts Finc'l. Strength Rating to C+
ANDROS DEVELOPMENT: Taps Bast Amron as New Legal Counsel
ARABELLA EXPLORATION: Affiliate Taps Miller Johnson as Co-Counsel
ARABELLA EXPLORATION: Affiliate Taps Murphy as Special Counsel
ARABELLA EXPLORATION: Affiliate Taps Ray Battaglia as Co-Counsel

ASCENA RETAIL: Moody's Lowers Corporate Family Rating to Ba3
AVANTOR INC: Moody's Puts B2 CFR on Review for Downgrade
AVENICA INC: Seeks to Hire Shipkevich as Legal Counsel
AZTEC OIL: Fisher & Livingston's Amended Plan Outline Approved
B&B REAL ESTATE: Hearing on Disclosures Approval Set for June 13

BARIA AND SONS: Wants to Use Chemical Bank Cash Collateral
BE MY GUEST: Taps Frances Caruso as Bookkeeper
BLUE BEE: Asks Court to Move Plan Filing Deadline to August 16
CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT: Fitch Withdraws 'CC' Issuer Default Rating
CCC OF FAIRPLAY: PCO Files Final Report

CERRITOS REFERENCE: Plan Outline Okayed, Plan Hearing on July 13
CHANNEL TECHNOLOGIES: Committee Taps Winthrop Couchot as Counsel
CHANNEL TECHNOLOGIES: Plan Exclusivity Extended to June 19
CHARLES WALKER: Examiner's Sale of Westcliffe Property Approved
CHINA FISHERY: Sale of Pacific Voyager Vessel Approved

CHINACAST EDUCATION: Seeks Compromise to Settle Norton Rose Claim
COLD SPY: Wants to Use Direct Capital Collateral
COLORADO CHOICE: A.M. Best Lowers Financial Strength Rating to C++
CONSOLIDATED CONTAINER: Moody's Assigns B3 Corporate Family Rating
CORONADO GROUP: Moody's Assigns B3 Rating to $200MM Term Loan

CORPORATE RESOURCE: $2M Settlement With Del Monte Approved
CRESTWOOD HOLDINGS: Moody's Withdraws B3 Rating on $350MM Sr. Loan
D&D TREE SERVICE: Can File Plan of Reorganization Until June 27
DEER MEADOWS: U.S. Trustee Appoints Wesley H. Avery as CPO
DIOCESE OF NEW ULM: Hires Felhaber Larson as Counsel

DIOCESE OF NEW ULM: Hires James Young & Associates as Accountant
DIOCESE OF NEW ULM: Hires Valley Properties as Broker
DIRECTBUY HOLDINGS: Consumer Liquidation's 401K Plan Terminated
EAST VILLAGE PROPERTIES: To Hire Robinson Brog as Legal Counsel
ELAN MEDICAL: May 18 Hearing on PCO Appointment Set

ELBARDI INTERNATIONAL: Taps Correa Business as Legal Counsel
ENERGY TRANSFER: Fitch Affirms BB Junior Subordinated Notes Rating
EQUIAN BUYER: Moody's Assigns B2 CFR; Outlook Stable
ERWIN ENTERPRISES: Seeks to Hire Barron & Newburger as Counsel
ERWIN ENTERPRISES: Taps Robert Kruckemeyer as Special Counsel

EXELA TECHNOLOGIES: Moody's Assigns B3 Corporate Family Rating
FAUSER ENERGY: Seeks Authorization on Cash Collateral Use
FIRST NBC BANK: FDIC as Receiver; Whitney Bank Assumes Deposits
FLORIDA ORGANIC: Taps Markarian Frank as Legal Counsel
FRANZEN INTERNATIONAL: Horizon Bank Tries to Block Disclosures OK

FUSE LLC: Moody's Cuts CFR to Caa1 Amid Drop in Subscriber Base
GALLANT CAPITAL: Seeks to Hire Shipkevich as Legal Counsel
GARDEN OF EDEN: Exclusive Plan Filing Deadline Extended to June 26
GARRETSON TILE: Hires J. Goeffrey Sturgill, Jr. as Accountant
GENERAL WIRELESS: Committee Taps Berkeley as Financial Advisor

GENTLEPRO HOME: Wants Authorization to Use IRS Cash Collateral
GOING VENTURES: Seeks to Hire Eagle Point as Accountant
GOODMAN NETWORKS: Wants Plan Confirmation Hearing Moved to May 2
GRAND ABBACO DEVELOPMENT: Trustee Taps Meland Russin as Counsel
GREENE TECHNOLOGIES: U.S. Trustee Unable to Appoint Committee

GURKARN DIAMOND: Unsecureds to Get Share of $500 per Month for 1 Yr
HAITIAN FIRST CHURCH: Israel Buying Brooklyn Property for $2.5M
HARROGATE INC: Fitch Cuts Rating on $10.68MM 1997 Rev. Bonds to BB
ICC HOLDINGS: A.M. Best Assigns 'bb' Issuer Credit Rating
J&M FOOD: Hires LaGanke Firm as Co-Counsel

JAGUAR HOLDING: $550 Mil. PIK Toggle Notes Get Moody's Caa1
JEANETTE GUTIERREZ: Sale of San Antonio Property for $58K Approved
JEFFERSON COUNTY, AL: Fitch Affirms BB+ on $395MM Sewer Warrants
JERRY DAVIS: Browers Buying Santa Rosa Property for $26K
JORDAN BUILDERS: Plan Outline Okayed, Plan Hearing on May 25

KENNETH MANIS: Sale of Baxter Properties Approved
KINGDOM REAL ESTATE: Lonesome Dove Tries to Block Disclosures OK
LANDS' END: Moody's Cuts CFR to B3; Revises Outlook to Negative
LEVEL 1: Ch.11 Trustee Hires Zimmerman Kiser as Attorneys
LEVEL 8 APPAREL: Exclusive Plan Filing Period Extended to July 12

LUCKY # 5409: Wants to Move Plan Filing Deadline to August 8
MACIEJ PAINT: Wants to Use Premier Bank Cash Until Aug. 31
MAHOPAC FARMS: Taps Goldberg Weprin as Legal Counsel
MARBLES HOLDINGS: CPO Files Report on Sale of PII
MASONITE INTERNATIONAL: Moody's Ups Corporate Family Rating to Ba2

MENCO PACIFIC: Sale of 14 Vehicles to CarMax Approved
MICHAEL D. COHEN: Appeal Delays Plan Filing Until January 2018
MIDWEST ASPHALT: Wants Exclusivity Period Extended By 120 Days
MILLER MARINE: U.S. Trustee Unable to Appoint Committee
MOLYCORP MINERALS: ERP-led Auction of All U.S. Assets on June 14

N-STYLE PERSPECTIVE: Taps Donahoe & Young as Legal Counsel
NEW YORK CRANE: Committee Taps Dominion Aircraft as Broker
NOBLE HOLDING: Moody's Lowers Corporate Family Rating to B2
ON-CALL STAFFING: Seeks July 25 Extension of Plan Filing Deadline
PATEL REALTY: Hires Harvey Marcus as Bankruptcy Attorney

PATSCO L.P.: 714 Ventures Buying Pittsburgh Property for $370K
PAWN AMERICA: U.S. Trustee Appoints 3 Members to Committee
PAYLESS HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire Alvarez & Marsal, Appoint CRO
PIONEER HEALTH: Lifebrite Buying All Assets of Early and Monroe
POST GREEN: Seeks to Hire Lubin Olson as Rreal Estate Counsel

POST GREEN: Seeks to Hire St. James Law as Legal Counsel
POWELL VALLEY HEALTH: Unsecureds to Get Share of $10,000 in Cash
PURE FOODS: Seeks to Hire Rathbone Barton as Special Counsel
R.E.S. NATION: To Settle Remaining REP Disputed Claims Under Plan
RAMOS REALTY: Disclosure Statement Hearing Set for June 6

RANDY BALDERAS: Sale of Equipment to Pay Lienholders Approved
RESHETAR REALTY: Genesis Buying Springfield Property for $80K
ROBISON TIRE: June 15 Hearing to Approve Plan Outline
ROSE HILL ESTATE: Taps Barton Law Firm as Legal Counsel
RUPARI HOLDING: Hires Donlin Recano as Claims and Noticing Agent

SANCTUARY CARE: NBR Buying Rye's Assets for $9.65 Million
SEASONS PARTNERS: Taps Christopher Linscott as Accountant
SEASONS PARTNERS: Taps Steven Cole as Appraiser
SERVICIOS DE DESCUENTO: Taps Tamarez CPA as Accountant
SEVENTY SEVEN: Moody's  Drops Caa1 CFR After PTEN Merger Closes

SHAWERMA EXPRESS: Selling Assets for $150K
SHELTER ISLAND: Taps Goldberg Weprin as Legal Counsel
SIGEL'S BEVERAGES: Taps Candy & Schonwald as Tax Service Provider
SLEEP DOCTOR: Must File Plan, Disclosure Statement on August 14
SUNGEVITY INC: Creditors' Panel Hires Goldin as Financial Advisor

SUNGEVITY INC: Panel Hires Brown Rudnick as Co-counsel
SUNGEVITY INC: Panel Taps Morris James as Counsel
SUNIVA INC: U.S. Trustee Forms 5-Member Committee
SYNCHRONOSS TECHNOLOGIES: Moody's Puts B1 CFR on Review
TANDOORI AT TRANSIT: Seeks to Hire Cash Realty as Auctioneer

TRANSMAR COMMODITY: Wants June 29 Extension of  Plan Exclusivity
TRENDSETTER HR: Zurich Tries to Block Approval of Disclosures
TRES AMIGOS MEXICAN: Taps Thomas Bible as Legal Counsel
TRUCK HERO: Gets Moody's B2 CFR After Fund Buys Controlling Stake
TUL INVESTMENTS: Court Rejects Disclosure Statement

UNILIFE CORPORATION: Taps Leydig Voit as Special Patent Counsel
VANGUARD NATURAL: Wants Plan Exclusivity Extended to Aug. 15
VP LITTCO INC: Wants Interim Authorization on Cash Collateral Use
VPH PHARMACY: To Auction All Assets on May 24
WONDERWORK INC: Seeks to Hire BDO USA as Auditor

YESHIVAH OHEL: Unsecureds to be Paid in Full Under Five Star Plan
[^] BOND PRICING: For the Week from April 24 to April 28

                            *********

1776 AMERICAN: Seeks Approval to Expand Scope of REMAX Services
---------------------------------------------------------------
1776 American Properties IV LLC filed an application seeking court
approval to expand the scope of services of REMAX Executives.

In its application, the company asked the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of Texas to authorize the firm to market and
sell nine more residential properties located in Edison Park in
Bellaire, Texas.

The properties are owned by 1776 American Properties V LLC, an
affiliate of the company.

1776 American also asked the court to allow REMAX to sell certain
apartment units owned by Hazelwood Management Services, and raw
land owned by the company and one of its affiliates.

REMAX will be paid a maximum commission of 6% of the sale price for
any sale that is ultimately approved and closes (with 3% going to
any buyer's broker), according to court filings.

              About 1776 American Properties IV LLC

1776 American Properties IV LLC and its 12 affiliates sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. S. D.
Texas Lead Case No. 17-30422) on Jan. 27, 2017.  The petition was
signed by Jeff Fisher, director of manager.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of $1
million to $10 million and liabilities of less than $50,000.

The case is assigned to Judge Karen K. Brown.  Josh T. Judd, Esq.,
at Andrews Myers PC serves as the Debtor's bankruptcy counsel.  The
Debtor hired REMAX Executives as real estate agent.


5 STAR INVESTMENT: Trustee Selling Indiana Properties for $42K
--------------------------------------------------------------
Douglas R. Adelsperger, Trustee of 5 Star Investment Group, LLC and
affiliates, asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern
District of Indiana to authorize the private sale of real estate
(i) commonly known as 910 West Borley Street, Mishawaka, St. Joseph
County, Indiana ("Borley Street") for $15,000; and (ii) commonly
known as 2138 Thornhill Drive, South Bend, St. Joseph County,
Indiana ("Thornhill Drive") for $27,000 to William Watterud.

On March 23, 2016, the Court entered its Order Granting Motion for
Joint Administration, consolidating the Debtors' Bankruptcy Cases
for purposes of administration only.

On June 24, 2016, the Court entered its Agreed Order Granting
Trustee's Motion for Substantive Consolidation, substantively
consolidating the Debtors' bankruptcy cases for all postpetition
matters and purposes, effective as of the Petition Date, and
deeming that all assets and liabilities of the bankruptcy cases to
be consolidated into one bankruptcy estate, to be administered in
accordance with the Bankruptcy Code under the jurisdiction of the
Court ("Consolidated Bankruptcy Estate").

On July 21, 2016, the Court entered Order Granting Application to
Employ Tiffany Group Real Estate Advisors, LLC as the Bankruptcy
Estates’ Broker, authorizing the employment of Tiffany Group Real
Estate Advisors, LLC as real estate brokers with respect to the
sale of real estate in these bankruptcy cases.  Pursuant to the
agreement between the Trustee and Tiffany Group approved by the
Court, Tiffany Group is entitled to receive a commission of 5% of
the total purchase price for all sales that were obtained solely
through the efforts of the Tiffany Group.

Prior to the Petition Date, on Nov. 5, 2015, the United States
Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") filed a complaint against
the Debtors' sole owner, Earl D. Miller, 5 Star Capital Fund, LLC
and 5 Star Commercial, LLC, in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Indiana, Hammond Division ("SEC Action"). 
In its complaint, the SEC alleged that Miller, 5 Star Capital Fund,
and 5 Star Commercial defrauded at least 70 investors from whom
they raised funds of at least $3,900,000.  Additionally, on Nov. 5,
2015, the SEC obtained an ex parte Temporary Restraining Order,
asset freeze and other emergency relief in the SEC Action.

Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor, 5 Star Investment Group II,
LLC, was the sole owner of the Borley Street.  Borley Street is
subject to a tax lien for delinquent real estate taxes that have
accrued for 2014 through 2016 and real estate taxes that will
accrue for 2017.

Borley Street is also subject to these investor mortgages:

   a. A first priority mortgage in favor of Abraham Raber dated
March 28, 2013.  The Raber Mortgage was recorded on April 9, 2013
in the Office of the Recorder of St. Joseph County (Indiana), as
Instrument No. 1310358.

   b. A second priority mortgage in favor of Freeman E. Yoder dated
Sept. 30, 2013.  The Yoder Mortgage was recorded on Oct. 16, 2013
in the Office of the Recorder of St. Joseph County (Indiana), as
Instrument No. 1331552.

   c. A third priority mortgage in favor of Midland IRA, Inc. FBO
John Cook #1535402 dated July 25, 2014.  The Midland Mortgage was
recorded on Aug. 27, 2014 in the Office of the Recorder of St.
Joseph County (Indiana), as Instrument No. 1421125.

Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor, 5 Star Investment Group V,
LLC, was the sole owner of the Thornhill Drive.  Thornhill Drive is
subject to a tax lien for delinquent real estate taxes that have
accrued for 2014 through 2016 and real estate taxes that will
accrue for 2017.

Thornhill Drive is also subject to these investor mortgages:

   a. A first priority mortgage in favor of Amos Lengacher dated
Feb. 1, 2013.  The Lengacher Mortgage was recorded on Feb. 12, 2013
in the Office of the Recorder of St. Joseph County (Indiana), as
Instrument No. 1304259.

   b. A second priority mortgage in favor of John M. Stoltzfus
dated Oct. 17, 2013.  The Stoltzfus Mortgage was recorded on Oct.
29, 2013 in the Office of the Recorder of St. Joseph County
(Indiana), as Instrument No. 1332861.

   c. A third priority mortgage in favor of Homer A. & Marilyn K.
Riffey Revocable Living Trust dated Oct. 22, 2013.  The Riffey
Mortgage was recorded on Nov. 13, 2013 in the Office of the
Recorder of St. Joseph County (Indiana), as Instrument No.
1334485.

   d. A fourth priority mortgage in favor of Amanda Marie Graber
dated Oct. 22, 2013.  The Graber Mortgage was recorded on Nov. 13,
2013 in the Office of the Recorder of St. Joseph County (Indiana),
as Instrument No. 1334486.

On April 24, 2017, pursuant to the sole efforts of the Tiffany
Group, the Trustee entered into the Purchase Agreement for the sale
of the Real Estate to the Purchaser for the total purchase price of
$42,000.

The Purchase Agreement provides for the sale of the Real Estate,
free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims and interests;
provided however, the Real Estate is to be sold subject to
Permitted Exceptions.  It also provides that any portion of the Tax
Liens that represent delinquent real estate taxes, including real
estate taxes that have accrued for 2014 through 2016, will be paid
in full at closing.

In addition, the Purchase Agreement provides that any portion of
the Tax Liens that represents real estate taxes for 2017 will be
prorated as of the date immediately prior to the date of closing. 
Moreover, it provides that any other special assessment liens,
utilities, water and sewer charges and any other charges
customarily prorated in similar transactions will be prorated as of
the date immediately prior to the date of closing.

A copy of the Purchase Agreement attached to the Motion is
available for free at:

             http://bankrupt.com/misc/5_Star_708_Sales.pdf

Although the Trustee is still in the process of liquidating the
assets of the Consolidated Bankruptcy Estate, it appears that the
assets will fall short of paying the plethora of claimants. 
Unfortunately, under these circumstances, no distribution method
can possibly compensate all the investors/creditors fully for their
losses.  In order to ensure the fair and equitable treatment of all
investors/creditors in these bankruptcy cases, the Trustee proposes
to sell all real estate free and clear of investor mortgages, with
the liens to attach to the proceeds until further order of the
Court.

The Trustee anticipates that the resolution of how the funds should
be distributed will be raised in the future pursuant to either a
chapter 11 plan and/or separate actions.  At such time, all parties
can be heard on how the proceeds from the sale of the Real Estate
secured by the Investor Mortgages should be distributed.

The Trustee submits that the proposed sale pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement will accomplish a "sound business purpose" and will
result in the maximized value for the Real Estate.  The Trustee
believes, based on the advice of the Tiffany Group, that the
purchase price of $42,000 reflects the combined fair market value
of the Real Estate, and it therefore maximizes recovery. 

Accordingly, the Trustee asks the Court to enter an Order
authorizing him, on behalf of the Consolidated Bankruptcy Estates,
to (i) sell the Real Estate to the Purchaser pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the Purchase Agreement; (ii) disburse from the
sale proceeds, first to pay the costs and expenses of the sale,
including the commission owed to Tiffany Group (approximately
$2,100); second to pay all real estate taxes and assessments
outstanding and unpaid at the time of the sale, including the Tax
Liens; and third to pay the prorated portions for any other special
assessment liens, utilities, water and sewer charges and any other
charges customarily prorated in similar transactions; and (iii)
retain the excess proceeds from the sale until further order of the
Court.

The Trustee asks the Court to waive the requirements of Bankruptcy
Rule 6004(h).

The Purchaser can be reached at:

          William Watterud 
          611 S. Main Street
          South Bend, ID 46544

                About 5 Star Investment Group

5 Star Investment Group, LLC, and its 10 affiliates sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D.
Ind. Lead Case No. 16-30078) on Jan. 25, 2016.  5 Star estimated
its assets at up to $50,000 and its liabilities between $1 million
and $10 million.  

The cases are assigned to Judge Harry C. Dees, Jr.

The Debtor's counsel is Katherine C. O'Malley, Esq., at Cozen
O'Connor, in Chicago, Illinois.

On Feb. 29, 2016, Douglas R. Adelsperger was appointed as Chapter
11 trustee in each of the bankruptcy cases.

On March 23, 2016, the Court entered an order consolidating the
bankruptcy cases for purposes of administration only.


ADPT DFW HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire DLA Piper as Special Counsel
-------------------------------------------------------------
ADPT DFW Holdings LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Northern District of Texas to hire DLA Piper LLP (US) to
serve as special counsel to the company and its affiliates with
respect to securities law and related disclosure obligations,
ongoing litigation, and general corporate and regulatory matters.

The primary DLA attorneys and paraprofessionals expected to provide
the services and their hourly rates are:

     Steven Napolitano        Partner     $1,060
     Thomas Califano          Partner     $1,000
     Chris Paci               Partner     $1,020
     David Clarke             Partner     $1,015
     Merle Cowin Teitelbaum   Partner       $845
     Dennis Williams          Partner       $805
     Karen Nelson             Partner       $690
     Sanjay Shirodkar         Of Counsel    $770
     Stephen Alicanti         Associate     $730
     Rachel Nanes             Associate     $680
     Andrew Perlman           Associate     $585
     Mordechai Sutton         Associate     $580
     Yohami Lam Guerra        Paralegal     $305

Thomas Califano, Esq., at DLA Piper, disclosed in a court filing
that his firm does not represent any interest adverse to the
Debtors or their bankruptcy estates.

In accordance with Appendix B-Guidelines for reviewing fee
applications filed by attorneys in larger Chapter 11 cases, Mr.
Califano disclosed that his firm has not agreed to any variations
from, or alternatives to, its standard or customary billing
arrangements.  

Mr. Califano also disclosed that his firm has provided the Debtors
a prospective budget and staffing plan for the period April 19 to
July 19, 2017. 

The firm can be reached through:

     Thomas R. Califano, Esq.
     DLA Piper LLP (US)
     1251 Avenue of the Americas
     New York, NY 10020
     Tel: (212) 335-4500
     Fax: (212) 335-4501
     Email: thomas.califano@dlapiper.com

                     About ADPT DFW Holdings

Adeptus Health LLC -- www.adpt.com -- through its subsidiaries,
owns and operates hospitals and free standing emergency rooms in
partnership with various healthcare providers.  Adeptus Health Inc.
is a holding company whose sole material asset is a controlling
equity interest in Adeptus Health LLC.

Lewisville, Texas-based ADPT DFW Holdings LLC (Bankr. N.D. Tex.
Case No. 17-31432) and its affiliates each filed separate Chapter
11 bankruptcy petitions on April 19, 2017, listing $798.67 million
in total assets and $453.48 million in total debts as of Sept. 30,

2016.  The petitions were signed by Andrew Hinkelman, chief
restructuring officer.

Judge Stacey G. Jernigan presides over the case.

Elizabeth Nicolle Boydston, Esq., Kristian W. Gluck, Esq., John N.
Schwartz, Esq., Timothy S. Springer, Esq., and Louis R. Strubeck,
Jr., Esq., at Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP serve as the Debtors'
bankruptcy counsel.

The Debtors hired DLA Piper LLP (US) as special counsel; FTI
Consulting Inc. as chief restructuring officer; and Houlihan Lokey,
Inc. as investment banker.

No trustee, examiner, or committee of creditors has been appointed
in these cases.


ADPT DFW HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire Epiq as Claims Agent
-----------------------------------------------------
ADPT DFW Holdings LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Northern District of Texas to hire Epiq Bankruptcy
Solutions, LLC as official claims agent.

The services to be provided by the firm include overseeing the
distribution of notices, and the processing of proofs of claim
filed in the Chapter 11 cases of ADPT and its affiliates.

The firm's professionals and their hourly rates are:

     Clerical/Administrative Support     $25 – $45
     IT/Programming                      $65 – $85
     Case Managers                      $70 – $165
     Consultants/Directors/VPs         $160 – $190
     Solicitation Consultant                  $190
     Executive VP, Solicitation               $215
     Executives                          No Charge
     Communication Consultant                 $395

Kathryn Tran, senior consultant of Epiq, disclosed in a court
filing that her firm is a "disinterested person" as defined in
section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Kathryn Tran
     Epiq Bankruptcy Solutions, LLC
     777 Third Avenue, 12th Floor,
     New York, NY 10017
     Tel: (646) 282-2493

                     About ADPT DFW Holdings

Adeptus Health LLC -- www.adpt.com -- through its subsidiaries,
owns and operates hospitals and free standing emergency rooms in
partnership with various healthcare providers.  Adeptus Health Inc.
is a holding company whose sole material asset is a controlling
equity interest in Adeptus Health LLC.

Lewisville, Texas-based ADPT DFW Holdings LLC (Bankr. N.D. Tex.
Case No. 17-31432) and its affiliates each filed separate Chapter
11 bankruptcy petitions on April 19, 2017, listing $798.67 million
in total assets and $453.48 million in total debts as of Sept. 30,

2016.  The petitions were signed by Andrew Hinkelman, chief
restructuring officer.

Judge Stacey G. Jernigan presides over the case.

Elizabeth Nicolle Boydston, Esq., Kristian W. Gluck, Esq., John N.
Schwartz, Esq., Timothy S. Springer, Esq., and Louis R. Strubeck,
Jr., Esq., at Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP serve as the Debtors'
bankruptcy counsel.

The Debtors hired DLA Piper LLP (US) as special counsel; FTI
Consulting Inc. as chief restructuring officer; and Houlihan Lokey,
Inc. as investment banker.

No trustee, examiner, or committee of creditors has been appointed
in these cases.


ADPT DFW HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire FTI Consulting, Appoint CRO
------------------------------------------------------------
ADPT DFW Holdings LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Northern District of Texas to hire FTI Consulting, Inc. and
appoint the firm's senior managing director as chief restructuring
officer.

FTI and its senior managing director Andrew Hinkelman will provide
these services to the company and its affiliates:

     (a) Liquidity Forecasting

         (1) evaluate current liquidity position and expected 
             future cash flows at the subsidiary and consolidated 
             level;

         (2) assist management in evaluating minimum cash 
             requirement levels at the subsidiary and joint 
             venture level;

         (3) assist with management and control of cash 
             disbursements;

         (4) advise the Debtors on cash conservation measures and 
             assist with implementation of cash forecasting and 
             reporting tools as requested; and

         (5) assist in the preparation of weekly and monthly 
             reporting in accordance with the existing credit 
             agreement and any potential debtor-in-possession 
             credit facility.

     (b) Restructuring/Other Advisory Services

         (1) assess potential EBITDA and net cash flow based on 
             location, joint venture, go-forward product line 
             strategy, and other restructuring initiatives;

         (2) analyze long-term capital needs to effectuate a sale 
             transaction or restructuring;

         (3) assist with working capital management;

         (4) participate in the development of strategy to 
             negotiate with key stakeholders in order to 
             effectuate a restructuring;

         (5) assist the Debtors in developing strategy relating to

             customers and vendors;

         (6) assist the Debtors and, if necessary, other advisors 
             in developing strategy relating to existing and 
             prospective capital providers in conjunction with a 
             sale transaction or restructuring; and

         (7) assist with sizing any DIP financing requirements and

             presenting cash flows and other diligence information 
            
             to potential lenders.

     (c) Asset Sales

         (1) assist with data collection and information gathering

             related to third-party due diligence relating to 
             potential transactions with financial and strategic 
             buyers; and

         (2) advise and assist the Debtors and the professionals 
             they have retained in developing, negotiating and 
             executing Chapter 11 strategy, section 363 sales, or 
             other potential sales of all or portions of their 
             assets.

     (d) Chapter 11 Planning and Execution Services

         (1) assist the Debtors in contingency planning;

         (2) assist the Debtors' personnel with the communications

             and negotiations with lenders, creditors, and other 
             parties-in-interest;

         (3) advise and assist the Debtors in the compilation and 
             preparation of financial information, statements, 
             schedules, and monthly operating reports as required  
           
             by the court or the Office of the U.S. Trustee;

         (4) assist the Debtors and other advisors with the 
             formulation of a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization or

             liquidation and the preparation of the corresponding 
             disclosure statement;

         (5) assist the Debtors in the preparation of a 
             liquidation valuation for a reorganization plan or    
         
             negotiation purposes;

        (6)  assist the Debtors in managing and executing the 
             reconciliation process involving claims filed by all 
             creditors; and

         (7) provide testimony in the Debtors case as necessary or

             appropriate at their request.

FTI will receive a monthly advisory fee of $140,000 for the
services of the CRO.  Meanwhile, the hourly rates for additional
personnel range from:

     Senior Managing Directors           $840 - $1,050
     Directors/Managing Directors          $630 - $835 
     Consultants/Senior Consultants        $335 - $605
     Administrative/Paraprofessionals      $135 - $265

The firm will also be paid a completion fee of $200,000 payable
upon either the confirmation of a plan of reorganization or
liquidation; or the sale of substantially all of the Debtors'
assets.  Moreover, FTI is entitled to a success fee up to $500,000
based on recoveries to unsecured creditors.

Mr. Hinkelman disclosed in a court filing that his firm is a
"disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Andrew Hinkelman 
     FTI Consulting, Inc.
     One Front St., Suite 1600
     San Francisco, CA 94123
     Tel: 415-283-4214 / 415-283-4200
     Fax: 415-283-4700 / 415-293-4497
     Email: andrew.hinkelman@fticonsulting.com

                     About ADPT DFW Holdings

Adeptus Health LLC -- www.adpt.com -- through its subsidiaries,
owns and operates hospitals and free standing emergency rooms in
partnership with various healthcare providers.  Adeptus Health Inc.
is a holding company whose sole material asset is a controlling
equity interest in Adeptus Health LLC.

Lewisville, Texas-based ADPT DFW Holdings LLC (Bankr. N.D. Tex.
Case No. 17-31432) and its affiliates each filed separate Chapter
11 bankruptcy petitions on April 19, 2017, listing $798.67 million
in total assets and $453.48 million in total debts as of Sept. 30,

2016.  The petitions were signed by Andrew Hinkelman, chief
restructuring officer.

Judge Stacey G. Jernigan presides over the case.

Elizabeth Nicolle Boydston, Esq., Kristian W. Gluck, Esq., John N.
Schwartz, Esq., Timothy S. Springer, Esq., and Louis R. Strubeck,
Jr., Esq., at Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP serve as the Debtors'
bankruptcy counsel.

The Debtors hired DLA Piper LLP (US) as special counsel; FTI
Consulting Inc. as chief restructuring officer; and Houlihan Lokey,
Inc. as investment banker.

No trustee, examiner, or committee of creditors has been appointed
in these cases.


ADVANCED BIOMEDICAL: Disclosures Approved; May 31 Plan Hearing
--------------------------------------------------------------
Judge Mark S. Wallace of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Central
District of California approved the fifth amended disclosure
statement describing the joint plan of reorganization, dated April
19, 2017, filed by Advanced Biomedical, Inc., and Reach
Laboratories LLC.

Ballots accepting or rejecting the Plan must be returned by no
later than 5:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time on May 15, 2017.

Any objections to the confirmation of the Plan must be filed with
the Court and served by no later than May 15, 2017. 

The hearing where the Court will determine whether or not to
confirm the Plan will take place on May 31, 2017, at 2:00 p.m. in
Courtroom 6C of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Central District of
California, Santa Ana Division, located at 411 West Fourth Street,
Santa Ana, California 92701.

                 About Advanced Biomedical

Advanced Biomedical, Inc., dba Pathology Laboratories Services,
Inc., filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. C.D. Calif. Case No.
14-15938) on October 1, 2014, and is represented by Robert Sabahat,
Esq., at Madison Harbor ALC, in Irvine, California.  At the time of
its filing, the Debtor's estimated assets was $100,000 to $500,000
and estimated liabilities was $1 million to $10 million.  The
petition was signed by Cyrus Karimi, president.  The Debtor did not
file a list of its largest unsecured creditors when it filed the
petition.


ALLWAYS EAST: Sale of Residual Assets to Phoenix for $10K Approved
------------------------------------------------------------------
The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York
authorized Allways East Transportation, Inc.'s private sale of de
minimis residual business assets to Phoenix Transportation
Services, Inc., for $10,000.

The sale is free and clear of any and all claims, liens,
encumbrances and other interests in the Residual Assets of whatever
kind or nature.

If any Person which has filed statements or other documents or
agreements evidencing Liens on, interests in, all or any portion of
the Residual Assets will not have delivered to the Debtor or
Purchaser, after 10 business days' written demand, the Debtor is
authorized and directed, and the Purchaser is authorized, to
execute and file such statements, instruments, releases and other
documents on behalf of such Person or entity with respect to the
Residual Assets.

A copy of the list of the Residual Assets which Phoenix has offered
to purchase attached to the Order is available for free at:

    http://bankrupt.com/misc/Allways_East_275_Order.pdf

The Order will be effective immediately upon entry, for cause, and
the Debtor and the Purchaser are authorized to close the Sale
immediately upon entry of the Order.

            About Allways East Transportation

Headquartered in Yonkers, New York, Allways East Transportation
Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection (Bankr. S.D.N.Y.
Case No. 16-22589) on April 28, 2016.  The petition was signed by
Marlaina Koller, vice president.  Judge Robert D. Drain presides
over the case.  Erica Feynman Aisner, Esq., and Julie Cvek Curley,
Esq., at Delbello Donnellan Weingarten Wise & Wiederkehr, LLP,
serves as the Debtor's bankruptcy counsel.  The Debtor estimated 
assets and liabilities at $1 million and $10 million at the time
of the filing.


AMERICAN AIRLINES: Pay Raise Pressures Credit Metrics, Fitch Says
-----------------------------------------------------------------
The mid-contract pay increase proposed by American Airlines
(BB-/Stable) for its pilots and flight attendants will put pressure
on the company's profit and leverage metrics in the near term,
according to Fitch Ratings, though Fitch does not anticipates
taking a negative rating action at this time.

American's announcement is the latest in an industry that has seen
broadly rising labor rates pressuring operating margins. Southwest,
Delta, Hawaiian, and Allegiant have all recently signed new labor
agreements with their pilots that included meaningful pay
increases. Meanwhile, JetBlue and Spirit remain in negotiations
with their pilots. Higher labor rates are a primary contributor to
Fitch's forecast of lower industry profits in 2017, compared with
the peak levels seen in 2015 and 2016.

American's headroom within its current rating is limited given its
aggressive cash deployment strategy and higher leverage versus many
of its 'BB' category rated peers. However, Fitch still anticipates
that metrics will improve in 2018 and beyond as cost pressures
normalize and capital spending moderates.

In its last full rating review of American in December, Fitch laid
out negative rating action triggers that included adjusted leverage
sustained above 4.5x. Higher labor costs, rising oil prices and a
soft but improving unit revenue environment may cause leverage to
remain at or above the 4.5x level for longer than anticipated.
Fitch expects leverage to decline below that level by 2018 or 2019,
depending on a sustained, healthy operating environment and
American's ability to contain unit costs beyond 2017.

American remains comfortably above other negative ratings triggers,
including liquidity and profit margins. Concerns for American are
also offset by the possibility of improving free cash flow (FCF)
over the next several years as capex comes down from peak levels.
Fitch's FCF forecast is supported by American's decision to defer
deliveries of its A350s, pushing its first delivery from 2018 to
2020, and reducing planned capex by $1.1 billion in the 2018-2020
period. American has also exhibited better unit revenue trends
compared to its peers over the last two quarters, which Fitch views
as a positive credit factor.

American announced in a press release on April 26 that it was
offering pay increases of 8% to its pilots and 4% to its flight
attendants to bring wages for those groups in line with industry
averages. Both labor groups are operating under existing collective
bargaining agreements not set to be renegotiated until December
2019 for the flight attendants and January 2020 for the pilots. 



AMERICAN CONTAINER: Hearing on Plan Outline Approval Set for May 30
-------------------------------------------------------------------
The Hon. Paulette J. Delk of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Western District of Tennessee has scheduled for May 30, 2017, at
11:00 a.m., the hearing to consider the approval of American
Container, Inc.'s disclosure statement dated April 21, 2017,
referring to the Debtor's Chapter 11 plan dated April 21, 2017.

Objections to the Disclosure Statement must be filed by May 22,
2017.

                    About American Container

American Container, Inc., filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. W.D.
Tenn. Case No. 16-26399) on July 15, 2016.  The petition was signed
by Steve Harris, president.  The Debtor is represented by Russel W.
Savory, Esq., at Beard & Savory, PLLC.  The case is assigned to
Judge Paulette J. Delk.  The Debtor disclosed total assets at $2.55
million and total debts at $4.30 million at the time of the
filing.

The Office of the U.S. Trustee disclosed in a court filing that no
official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in
the Chapter 11 case of American Container, Inc.


AMERICAN CONTAINER: Lease and Sale of Properties to Fund Plan
-------------------------------------------------------------
American Container, Inc., filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Western District of Tennessee a disclosure statement explaining
its plan of reorganization. 

At the time the Debtor filed its Chapter 11 case, it was
essentially out of money and unable to pay or make deposits for
insurance covering its employees and building. One of its secured
creditors, U.S. Corrugated, had taken steps to enforce its security
interested in accounts receivable and equipment. In order to avoid
forfeiture of its business assets, the Debtor enlisted D&D
Packaging, Inc. to acquire the U.S. Corrugated loan and security
interests.

Additionally, in order to preserve the remaining value of its
business assets and retain as many employees as possible, the
Debtor leased its business premises to D&D. D&D, in turn, has paid
all necessary adequate protection payments to Renasant Bank and
during the case has taken no action to enforce or collect on the
secured debt that the Debtor owes to it.

The Debtor has negotiated an Asset Purchase Agreement for
substantially all of its non-leased equipment with D&D and has
sought court approval of certain sale procedures. The goal of the
Sale Process is to assure that the Debtor obtains the highest price
possible for the property in connection with the sale.

Under the plan, Class 8 Allowed Unsecured Non-priority Claims will
be paid a pro rata distribution from available funds of the Debtor
remaining after payment of all other amounts pursuant to the Plan.
This Class is impaired.

The Plan will be implemented through a combination of the sale of
the Debtor's equipment in the Sale Process, the lease and sale of
Debtor's real estate and payments made to or behalf of the Debtor
by D&D Packaging, Inc., and the proceeds and income derived
therefrom.

A full-text copy of the Disclosure Statment is available at:

       http://bankrupt.com/misc/tnwb16-26399-105.pdf

                  About American Container

American Container, Inc., filed a chapter 11 petition (Bankr. W.D.
Tenn. Case No. 16-26399) on July 15, 2016.  The petition was signed
by Steve Harris, president.  The Debtor is represented by Russel W.
Savory, Esq., at Beard & Savory, PLLC.  The case is assigned to
Judge Paulette J. Delk.  The Debtor disclosed total assets at $2.55
million and total debts at $4.30 million at the time of the
filing.

The Office of the U.S. Trustee disclosed in a court filing that no
official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in the
Chapter 11 case of American Container, Inc.


AMERICAN INDEPENDENT: A.M. Best Cuts Finc'l. Strength Rating to C+
------------------------------------------------------------------
A.M. Best has downgraded the Financial Strength Rating (FSR) to C+
(Marginal) from B+ (Good) and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating
(Long-Term ICR) to "b-" from "bbb-" of American Independent
Companies pool (AIC) (Conshohocken, PA).  The outlook of these
Credit Ratings (ratings) remains negative.  Concurrently, A.M. Best
has withdrawn the ratings as the group's management has requested
to no longer participate in the A.M. Best's interactive rating
process.

The rating actions reflect the significant strengthening of the
group's loss reserves related to its non-standard auto book of
business in each of the past three years, which substantially
exceeded the group's projections and expectations.  The reserve
action produced a downturn in AIC's operating results in 2014 –
2016, and has resulted in a significant reduction in the group's
policyholder surplus in recent years.  As a result, the group's
overall risk-adjusted capitalization has declined substantially.
The negative outlooks on the ratings reflect the uncertainty of the
company's corrective actions to reverse adverse reserve
development.  If adverse reserve development continues, the
potential exists for lower overall risk-adjusted capitalization, as
measured by Best's Capital Adequacy Ratio (BCAR).

The FSR has been downgraded to C+ (Marginal) from B+ (Good) and the
Long-Term ICR to "b-" from "bbb-", each with a negative outlook,
and withdrawn for the following members of the American Independent
Companies pool:

   -- American Independent Insurance Company

   -- Omni Insurance Company

   -- Omni Indemnity Company

   -- Apollo Casualty Company

   -- Delphi Casualty Company

   -- Bankers Independent Insurance Company

   -- Personal Service Insurance Company


ANDROS DEVELOPMENT: Taps Bast Amron as New Legal Counsel
--------------------------------------------------------
Andros Development Corp. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of Florida to hire a new legal
counsel.

The Debtor proposes to hire Bast Amron LLP to, among other things,
give legal advice regarding its duties under the Bankruptcy Code,
and negotiate with creditors on the preparation of a bankruptcy
plan.  

The firm will replace Marrero, Chamizo, Marcer Law LP, which
represented the Debtor at the time of its bankruptcy filing. 

Jeffrey Bast, Esq., the attorney at Bast Amron designated to
represent the Debtor, will charge $525 per hour.

The Debtor has not funded a retainer in connection with its
bankruptcy case, according to court filings.

Mr. Bast disclosed in a court filing that his firm is a
"disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Jeffrey P. Bast, Esq. 
     Brett M. Amron, Esq. 
     Morgan B. Edelboim, Esq. 
     Bast Amron LLP 
     SunTrust International Center
     One Southeast Third Avenue, Suite 1400
     Miami, FL 33131
     Tel: 305.379.7904
     Fax: 305.379.7905
     Email: jbast@bastamron.com
     Email: bamron@bastamron.com
     Email: medelboim@bastamron.com

                 About Andros Development Corp.

Based in Coral Gables, Florida, Andros Development Corp. owns a
vacant lot located at 3560 Grand Ave Miami, Florida, valued at
$818,750.  Each of Julio C. Marrero and Orlando Benitez, Jr. owns a
45% equity stake in the Debtor.  The other 10% is held by Phillip
Muskat.  

Andros Development is an affiliate of Grand Abbaco Development of
Village West Corp and Nassau Development of Village West, Corp.,
each of which filed for bankruptcy protection on March 27, 2016,
and Oct. 2, 2015, respectively.

The Debtor sought protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code (Bankr. S.D. Fla. Case No. 17-13760) on March 28, 2017.  The
petition was signed by Phillip Muskat, officer and shareholder.  

The case is assigned to Judge Laurel M. Isicoff.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor disclosed $1.64 million in
assets and $5.53 million in liabilities.


ARABELLA EXPLORATION: Affiliate Taps Miller Johnson as Co-Counsel
-----------------------------------------------------------------
An affiliate of Arabella Exploration, LLC seeks approval from the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas to hire
Miller Johnson.

The firm will provide these legal services as co-counsel to
Arabella Operating LLC:

     (a) advising Arabella Operating regarding its rights, powers 
         and duties in the continued management and operation of 
         its financial affairs and property;

     (b) assisting in the preparation of schedules and statement 
         of affairs;

     (c) attending meetings and negotiating with representatives 
         of creditors;

     (d) advising Arabella Operating regarding the conduct of its 
         case;

     (e) advising Arabella Operating on matters related to the 
         evaluation of the assumption, rejection or assignment of 
         unexpired leases and executory contracts;

     (f) taking all necessary actions to protect and preserve 
         Arabella Operating 's estate, including negotiating and 
         facilitating its assets, defending any actions commenced 
         against the estate, and objecting to claims filed against

         the estate;

     (g) assisting in formulating and prosecuting a Chapter 11 
         plan and disclosure statement; and

     (h) appearing before the bankruptcy court and the Office of 
         the U.S. Trustee.

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     Members                     $300 - $495
     Non-Associate Attorneys     $300 - $495
     Associates                  $190 - $300
     Paralegals                  $155 - $195

The attorneys designated to represent Arabella Operating are:

     John Piggins          $460
     Robert Wolford        $420 
     David Hall            $370
     Rachel Hillegonds     $300

The firm currently serves as co-counsel to Arabella Exploration
whose case is jointly administered with that of Arabella
Operating.

Miller Johnson was paid a retainer of $65,000 on behalf of Arabella
Exploration prior to its bankruptcy filing.  The firm has not
received additional retainer in connection with its representation
of Arabella Operating.

Rachel Hillegonds, Esq., disclosed in a court filing that her firm
does not have any interest adverse to Arabella Operating's
bankruptcy estate or creditors.

Miller Johnson can be reached through:

     Rachel L. Hillegonds, Esq.
     Miller Johnson
     P.O. Box 306
     Grand Rapids, MI 49501-0306
     Tel: (616) 831-1700     
     Email: hillegondsr@millerjohnson.com

                   About Arabella Exploration

Arabella Exploration, LLC, formed on Oct. 2, 2009, is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Arabella Exploration, Inc., a Cayman
Islands corporation.  It is an oil and gas exploration company that
owns working interests in a number of oil and gas properties and
interests.

Arabella Exploration filed a voluntary petition for relief under
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Case No.
17-40120) on Jan. 8, 2017.  Charles (Chip) Hoebeke, manager, signed
the petition.

Judge Russell F. Nelms in Ft. Worth, Texas, is the case judge.

Raymond W. Battaglia, Esq., of the Law Offices of Ray Battaglia,
PLLC, serves as counsel to the Debtor.  Miller Johnson serves as
Battaglia's co-counsel.  Rehmann Turnaround and Receivership's
Charles Hoebeke is the Debtor's chief restructuring officer.

Arabella Exploration estimated $1 million to $50 million in assets
and liabilities.

No trustee, examiner or committee has been appointed in the case.

On April 4, 2017, Arabella Operating, LLC, filed a Chapter 11
petition (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Case No. 17-41479).  The case is being
jointly administered with that of Arabella Exploration.


ARABELLA EXPLORATION: Affiliate Taps Murphy as Special Counsel
--------------------------------------------------------------
An affiliate of Arabella Exploration, LLC seeks approval from the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas to hire
Murphy Mahon Keffler Farrier LLC.

The firm will provide these legal services as special counsel to
Arabella Operating LLC:

     (a) identify the oil and gas assets owned by Arabella 
         Operating;

     (b) determine the ownership interest of Arabella Operating to

         its oil and gas assets and the status of its title to 
         such interest;

     (c) review the contracts and agreements that affect Arabella 

         Operating's oil and gas assets;

     (d) determine the validity and priority of any liens that 
         have been filed against the assets;

     (e) assist Arabella Operating in identifying transfers of oil

         and gas assets which it may have made prior to filing its

         bankruptcy case; and

     (f) assist in the sale and divestiture of the Debtor's oil 
         and gas assets.

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     J. Patrick Murphy                $450 
     Mary Ann Fisher                  $400
     Partners                  $400 - $450
     Non-Associate Attorneys   $400 - $450
     Paralegals                       $100

J. Patrick Murphy, Esq., disclosed in a court filing that the firm
does not hold any interest adverse to Arabella Operating's
bankruptcy estate or creditors.

The firm currently serves as special counsel to Arabella
Exploration whose case is jointly administered with that of
Arabella Operating.

The firm can be reached through:

     J. Patrick Murphy, Esq.
     Murphy Mahon Keffler Farrier LLC
     505 Pecan Street, Suite 201 
     Fort Worth, TX 76102

                   About Arabella Exploration

Arabella Exploration, LLC, formed on Oct. 2, 2009, is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Arabella Exploration, Inc., a Cayman
Islands corporation.  It is an oil and gas exploration company that
owns working interests in a number of oil and gas properties and
interests.

Arabella Exploration filed a voluntary petition for relief under
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Case No.
17-40120) on Jan. 8, 2017.  Charles (Chip) Hoebeke, manager, signed
the petition.

Judge Russell F. Nelms in Ft. Worth, Texas, is the case judge.

Raymond W. Battaglia, Esq., of the Law Offices of Ray Battaglia,
PLLC, serves as counsel to the Debtor.  Miller Johnson serves as
Battaglia's co-counsel.  Rehmann Turnaround and Receivership's
Charles Hoebeke is the Debtor's chief restructuring officer.

Arabella Exploration estimated $1 million to $50 million in assets
and liabilities.

No trustee, examiner or committee has been appointed in the case.

On April 4, 2017, Arabella Operating, LLC, filed a Chapter 11
petition (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Case No. 17-41479).  The case is being
jointly administered with that of Arabella Exploration.


ARABELLA EXPLORATION: Affiliate Taps Ray Battaglia as Co-Counsel
----------------------------------------------------------------
An affiliate of Arabella Exploration, LLC seeks approval from the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas to hire
the Law Offices of Ray Battaglia, PLLC.

Battaglia will serve as co-counsel with Miller Johnson, another law
firm tapped by Arabella Operating, LLC to be its legal counsel. 
The firm will:

     (a) take all necessary actions to protect and preserve  
         Arabella Operating's estate, including the negotiation of

         disputes in which it is involved, and analysis and        

         preparation of objections to claims filed against the 
         bankruptcy estate;

     (b) prepare court papers;

     (c) assist in the preparation and negotiation of a bankruptcy
         plan;

     (d) challenge the extent, validity or priority of liens; and

     (e) analyze or prosecute any Chapter 5 and other causes of 
         action.

The firm currently provides legal services to Arabella Exploration
whose case is jointly administered with that of Arabella
Operating.

The billing rate for Raymond Battaglia, Esq., a managing member of
the firm, is $450 per hour.

Mr. Battaglia disclosed in a court filing that his firm is a
"disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Raymond W. Battaglia, Esq.
     Law Offices of Ray Battaglia, PLLC
     66 Granburg Circle
     San Antonio, TX 78218
     Tel: 210-601-9405
     Fax: (210) 855-0126
     Email: rbattaglialaw@outlook.com

                   About Arabella Exploration

Arabella Exploration, LLC, formed on Oct. 2, 2009, is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Arabella Exploration, Inc., a Cayman
Islands corporation.  It is an oil and gas exploration company that
owns working interests in a number of oil and gas properties and
interests.

Arabella Exploration filed a voluntary petition for relief under
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Case No.
17-40120) on Jan. 8, 2017.  Charles (Chip) Hoebeke, manager, signed
the petition.

Judge Russell F. Nelms in Ft. Worth, Texas, is the case judge.

Raymond W. Battaglia, Esq., of the Law Offices of Ray Battaglia,
PLLC, serves as counsel to the Debtor.  Miller Johnson serves as
Battaglia's co-counsel.  Rehmann Turnaround and Receivership's
Charles Hoebeke is the Debtor's chief restructuring officer.

Arabella Exploration estimated $1 million to $50 million in assets
and liabilities.

No trustee, examiner or committee has been appointed in the case.

On April 4, 2017, Arabella Operating, LLC, filed a Chapter 11
petition (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Case No. 17-41479).  The case is being
jointly administered with that of Arabella Exploration.


ASCENA RETAIL: Moody's Lowers Corporate Family Rating to Ba3
------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service downgraded Ascena Retail Group, Inc.'s
Corporate Family Rating (CFR) to Ba3 from Ba2, Probability of
Default Rating (PDR) to Ba3-PD from Ba2-PD, and senior secured term
loan rating to Ba3 from Ba2. The Speculative Grade Liquidity Rating
was affirmed at SGL-2. The ratings outlook remains stable.

The downgrade reflects the recent deterioration in Ascena's revenue
and earnings, and Moody's view that given challenging apparel
retail conditions results are unlikely to improve meaningfully in
the next 12-24 months. High-single-digit decreases in traffic have
been a key driver of Ascena's persistent mid-single-digit declines
in same store sales. Moody's believes that Ascena's business
transformation initiatives including cost reduction, omnichannel
and fleet optimization, can significantly benefit earnings over
time. However, in the near term continued price competition and
traffic declines will likely offset these efforts.

Moody's believes that the CFR is well positioned in the Ba3
category and can withstand modest potential further earnings
declines. Ascena's conservative financial policies prioritizing
debt repayment, good liquidity, and potential to turn around
results with business transformation efforts provide key credit
support.

Moody's took the following rating actions on Ascena Retail Group,
Inc.:

-- Corporate Family Rating, downgraded to Ba3 from Ba2

-- Probability of Default Rating, downgraded to Ba3-PD from Ba2-
    PD

-- Speculative Grade Liquidity Rating, affirmed at SGL-2

-- $1.8 billion ($1.597 billion outstanding) senior secured first

    lien term loan B due 2022, downgraded to Ba3 (LGD3) from Ba2 
    (LGD3)

-- Outlook, remains Stable

RATINGS RATIONALE

Ascena's Ba3 CFR reflects the company's large scale and diversified
portfolio of women's apparel brands. With six out of its seven key
brands generating revenues near the $1 billion mark, the company is
the third largest rated specialty apparel retailer. Ascena's track
record of debt repayment and good liquidity, including solid free
cash flow generation and ample revolver availability also support
the rating. Lease-adjusted leverage stood at 4.1 times and
EBIT/interest expense at 1.3x as of January 28, 2017. Over the next
12-24 months, Moody's anticipates that credit metrics will remain
near current levels, reflecting lower debt and interest expense
levels due to debt repayment, offset with flat to modestly
declining earnings. Moody's believes that Ascena will continue to
face a difficult retail environment and meaningful execution risk
from implementing a wide range of transformation initiatives.
However, the ratings incorporate Moody's view that given its scale
and financial flexibility, the company has an opportunity for
significant operational improvement.

The stable outlook reflects Moody's expectations for flat to
modestly declining earnings over the next 12-24 months, good
liquidity, and conservative financial policies including debt
repayment.

The ratings could be upgraded if the company returns to earnings
growth, while maintaining conservative financial policies and good
liquidity. Quantitatively, the ratings could be upgraded if Ascena
achieves and maintains debt/EBITDA below 4 times and EBIT/interest
expense approaches 1.75 times.

The ratings could be downgraded if revenues and earnings continue
to deteriorate meaningfully, if liquidity declines or the company's
financial policies become more aggressive, including share
repurchases in the absence of meaningful earnings improvement.
Quantitatively, the ratings could be downgraded if debt/EBITDA is
sustained above 4.5 times or EBIT/interest expense approaches 1.1
times.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Retail Industry
published in October 2015. 

Headquartered in Mahwah, New Jersey, Ascena Retail Group, Inc.
operates approximately 4,900 women's specialty retail stores
throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico under the
brands Justice, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn, Catherines, Ann
Taylor, LOFT and Lou & Grey. Revenue for the twelve months ended
January 28, 2017 was $6.9 billion.



AVANTOR INC: Moody's Puts B2 CFR on Review for Downgrade
--------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service placed the B2 Corporate Family Rating
(CFR) of Avantor Inc. on review for downgrade. Moody's also placed
the B1 first lien Term Loan and Revolving credit facility and the
Caa1 2nd lien Term Loan, all issued by Avantor's subsidiary:
Avantor Performance Materials Holdings, LLC, on review for
downgrade.

Ratings Placed on review for Downgrade:

Issuer: Avantor, Inc.

-- Corporate Family Rating, B2

-- Probability of Default Rating, B2-PD

Issuer: Avantor Performance Materials Holdings, LLC

-- Gtd Senior Secured 1st Lien Revolving Credit Facility due 
    2022, B1 (LGD3)

-- Gtd Senior Secured 1st Lien Term Loan due 2024, B1 (LGD3)

-- Gtd Senior Secured 2nd Lien Term Loan due 2025, Caa1 (LGD6)

Outlook Actions:

Issuer: Avantor Performance Materials Holdings, LLC

-- Outlook, to RUR from Stable

Issuer: Avantor, Inc.

-- Outlook, to RUR from Stable

RATINGS RATIONALE

The review is prompted by the recent acquisition of Puritan
Products, which will further stretch leverage after two sizable
dividends to the equity sponsor over the past seven months.
Avantor's leverage trajectory is inconsistent with Moody's
expectations and raises the question of whether the B2 CFR is still
appropriate for Avantor. In this context, Moody's said the
following in its most recent press release in February, 2017:

"Moody's would change the outlook to negative or downgrade the CFR
if metrics fail to trend favorably over the next few quarters,
which could occur if the company were to make near term
acquisitions or if the current favorable trends in operations were
to reverse, which Moody's don't expects to happen. If leverage
fails to trend towards 5 times in the medium term, or if free cash
flow were to deteriorate to neutral or near neutral, Moody's would
consider a downgrade to the ratings."

The review will focus on the extent to which the expectation of
achieving 5 times leverage is still valid and will attempt to
assess the next strategic and financial actions of the private
equity owner as it relates to Avantor. The review will also focus
on recent results as well as the details and strategic fit of the
recently announced acquisition of Puritan Products, including the
impact on debt, earnings and credit metric estimates.

Avantor's operational headquarters are located in Pennsylvania,
USA. The company has approximately 1,900 employees producing over
30,000 products across four broad product categories
(biopharmaceuticals, biomaterials, research and diagnostics, and
advanced technologies). In September 2016, the company completed a
merger with Nusil, a leader in specialty silicone materials used by
medical device manufacturers to produce implantable and
non-implantable medical devices. The combined company on a pro
forma basis has $690 million of sales.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Global Chemical
Industry Rating Methodology published in December 2013. 



AVENICA INC: Seeks to Hire Shipkevich as Legal Counsel
------------------------------------------------------
Avenica Inc. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Eastern District of New York to hire legal counsel in connection
with its Chapter 11 case.

The Debtor proposes to hire Shipkevich PLLC to, among other things,
give legal advice regarding its duties under the Bankruptcy Code,
help prepare a bankruptcy plan, and assist in financial
transactions.

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     Partners/Of Counsel     $500
     Junior Associates       $350
     Paraprofessionals       $100

Irene Costello, Esq., managing partner at Shipkevich, disclosed in
a court filing that she and her firm are "disinterested" as defined
in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Irene Costello, Esq.
     Shipkevich PLLC 
     65 Broadway, Suite 508
     New York, NY 10006-2538
     Email: icostello@shipkevich.com

                       About Avenica Inc.

Avenica, Inc. is a service company that provides staffing and
day-to-day operations for Gallant Capital Markets.  Avenica sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. E.D.N.Y.
Case No. 17-41813) on April 14, 2017.  The petition was signed by
Salvatore Bucellato, CEO.  Judge Elizabeth S. Stong is the case
judge.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets and
liabilities of less than $50,000.

No trustee, examiner or committee has been appointed in the
Debtor's case.


AZTEC OIL: Fisher & Livingston's Amended Plan Outline Approved
--------------------------------------------------------------
BankruptcyData.com reported that the U.S. Bankruptcy Court gave
conditional approval to Aztec Oil & Gas creditors Franklin Fisher,
Jr. and Livingston Growth Fund Trust's proposed Second Amended
Disclosure Statement.  The order states, "The Disclosure Statement
as supplemented is conditionally approved.  The Plan Proponents
shall file a conforming copy of the Disclosure Statement by May 5,
2017.  The Plan Proponents are authorized to solicit votes with
respect to the proposed Plan.  The Court will conduct an
evidentiary hearing to consider (i) final approval of the
Disclosure Statement; (ii) confirmation of the Plan; and (iii) the
Debtor's motion to convert to chapter 7 on July 26, 2017."

As reported in the April 12, 2017 edition of the TCR, Franklin
Fisher, Jr., and Livingston Growth Fund Trust, creditors of Aztec
Oil & Gas, Inc., and Azetec Energy, LLC, filed with the Court an
amended disclosure statement dated April 3, 2017, describing their
competing Chapter 11 plan of liquidation for the Debtors.  Under
the Plan, all remaining assets and rights of the Debtors will vest
in Aztec Oil & Gas, Inc., with all litigation claims then being
transferred to the Litigation Trust.  The Litigation Trust will
investigate and prosecute claims for the benefit of the unsecured
claims of all entities, pro rata.  The First Amended Disclosure
Statement is available at:

          http://bankrupt.com/misc/txsb16-31895-189.pdf 

                    About Aztec Oil & Gas

Houston, Texas-based Aztec Oil & Gas, Inc. (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case
No. 16-31895) and affiliates Aztec Energy, LLC (Bankr. S.D. Tex.
Case No. 16-31896), Aztec Operating Company (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case
No. 16-31897), Aztec Drilling & Operaring LLC (Bankr. S.D. Tex.
Case No. 16-31898), Aztec VIIIB Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case
No. 16-31899), Aztec VIIIC Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31900), Aztec XA Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31901), Aztec XB Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31902), Aztec XC Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31903), Aztec XI-A Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31904), Aztec XI-B Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31905), Aztec XI-C Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31907), Aztec XI-D Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31908), Aztec XII-A Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31909), Aztec XII-B Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31910), Aztec XII-C Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31911), Aztec Comanche A Oil & Gas LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Case No.
16-31912), and Aztec Comanche B Oil & Gas, LP (Bankr. S.D. Tex.
Case No. 16-31913) filed separate Chapter 11 bankruptcy petitions
on April 13, 2015.  The petitions were signed by Jeremy Driver,
president.

Judge David R. Jones presides over Aztec Oil & Gas' case.  Judge
Marvin Isgur presides over the cases of Aztec Energy, LLC, and
Aztec Operating Company.

Kristin Nicole Rhame, Esq., at Christin, Smith & Jewell, LLP,
serves as the Debtors' bankruptcy counsel.

Aztec Oil & Gas, Inc., estimated assets between $100,000 and
$500,000 and its liabilities between $500,000 and $1 million.

Aztec Energy, LLC, and Aztec Operating Company each estimated their
assets and liabilities at up to $50,000 each.


B&B REAL ESTATE: Hearing on Disclosures Approval Set for June 13
----------------------------------------------------------------
The Hon. John J. Thomas of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle
District of Pennsylvania has scheduled for June 13, 2017, at 9:30
a.m. the hearing to consider the approval of B & B Real Estate
General Partnership's amended disclosure statement dated April 24,
2017, referring to the amended Chapter 11 plan dated April 24,
2017.

Objections to the Amended Disclosure Statement must be filed by May
30, 2017.

                     About B & B Real Estate 

B & B Real Estate General Partnership is a Pennsylvania partnership
which is principally involved in the development and leasing of its
real estate.  At the time of the filing of its Chapter 11
bankruptcy, the Debtor owned a single parcel of real estate located
at 117 Rose Street, Scotrun, Monroe County, Pennsylvania.  The
parcel of land is 2.54 acres and includes a commercial building
which is primarily used for a gym and fitness center.  

The Debtor filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr. M.D. PA.
Case No. 16-02183) on May 23, 2016.  The Hon. Robert N. Opel II
presides over the case.  Law Office of Philip W. Stock represents
the Debtor as counsel.

In its petition, the Debtor estimated $1.51 million in assets and
$2.01 million in liabilities.  The petition was signed by Robert C.
Bishop, general partner.


BARIA AND SONS: Wants to Use Chemical Bank Cash Collateral
----------------------------------------------------------
Baria and Sons, LLC, asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western
District of Michigan to authorize the use of the cash collateral of
The Bank of Holland, now known as Chemical Bank, on an interim
basis for a single discrete expense, namely paying the license and
application fee for a delivery permit, and regular use of cash
collateral for purchasing a new line of inventory, without
providing additional adequate protection to its pre-petition
secured lenders.

Objections, if any, must be filed within 21 days.

Prior to filing, the Debtor entered into two loan agreements with
the Bank, which were supported by mortgages against the real
estate, owned by debtor, and a security interest in all assets. 
Prior to filing, the Debtor took a number of ill advised loans at
interest rates as high as 52% per year from LQD Business Finance,
LLC, who purportedly took a security interest in all assets, but
may not have properly perfected its interest.

The Debtor maintains a deposit account with Bank, and has opened
its DIP accounts at the Bank.  The Debtor entered into various
Notes and or renewals of Notes with Bank, and the relationship is
currently governed by: 

    a. Sept. 3, 2014 Promissory Note with a face amount $315,000,
Maturity Date of approximately Sept. 1, 2019; fixed interest of
4.730% on a 360 day year, with payments of $3,309 per month.

    b. Sept. 3, 2014 Promissory Note with a face amount of
$185,000, Maturity Date of approximately Sept. 1, 2019, fixed
interest of 4.730% on a 360 day year, with payments of $1,200 per
month.

    c. A Business Loan Agreement and Commercial Security Agreement
both dated Sept. 3, 2014, which govern the terms of the
relationship and grant Bank a security interest in all assets,
including a mortgage on the real property.

    d. The Debtor currently believes that Bank has a properly
perfected security interest in all of its assets, including the
Debtor's liquor license, except for liquor inventory.

    e. The Bank is overly secured.  The Debtor's real property is
worth an estimated $650,000 based on its depreciation schedules;
though at the section 341 meeting of creditors, the Bank indicated
that its appraisal from 2014 stated a value of $232,000 for the
real estate.  Its liquor license is estimated to be worth $100,000,
and its non-liquor inventory is worth approximately $95,000.  The
Debtor believes that the current combined balance on the two notes
to Chemical Bank is approximately $450,000.

    f. The Debtor does not propose additional adequate protection
for Bank, but presently the Bank is adequately protected under an
earlier Order of the Court (DN 42) as follows: (i) the Debtor
continues making its regularly scheduled mortgage payments to the
Bank in the amounts of $3,309 and $1,200 each month on the 15th day
of each month, beginning with March 2017; and (ii) the Debtor
maintains all deposit accounts at the Bank.  The Debtor has opened
its DIP bank accounts at the Chemical Bank.

As LQD does not hold a perfected security interest in the Debtor's
deposit accounts or any cash collateral, and either LQD, its agent,
or one with its apparent authority, converted or embezzled
approximately $40,000 of the Debtor's revenue between Feb. 21, 2017
and March 4, 2017.  The Debtor proposes no payments or adequate
protection of any kind for LQD and is filing an adversary
proceeding against LQD seeking damages, avoidance of certain
transfers, and a determination of LQD's claim, among other things. 
Until the adversary proceeding is resolved, LQD should receive
nothing.

On the date of filing, the Debtor's bank accounts were at Chase
Bank, and had been at Chase Bank for approximately two years. 

The Bank is adequately protected by the Order (DN 42), and all
provisions of that Order will continue to govern the Bank's
security interests, and rights to payment.  The Debtor asks to use
a portion of its revenue as necessary to pay for specific expenses
outside of the ordinary course of business, and therefore, the
Motion asks expanded authority to use cash Collateral.  However,
the request is for a modest amount and does not impact the Bank's
status as being adequately protected in any meaningful way. 

The Debtor's sales have continued in their growth and it expects
the trend to continue through August, and taper off beginning in
September.

A copy of the Debtor's initial Monthly Report, and the hand-written
cash flow reports for April 1, 2017 through April 15, 2017 attached
to the Motion is available for free at:

  http://bankrupt.com/misc/miwb17-00970_73_Cash_Baria_&_Sons.pdf 

The Debtor's cash flow reports for April 1, 2017 through April 15,
2017 reflect these total weekly cash payouts:

    a. Week of April 1, 2017 through April 8, 2017: (i) tobacco -
$3,827; (ii) grocery-pop newspaper - $3,465; (iii) liquor - $8,966;
(iv) beer and wine - $5,699; (v) repairs and maint - $15; and (vi)
other - $4,327.

    b. Week of April 9, 2017 through April 15, 2017: (i) tobacco -
$4,400; (ii) grocery-pop newspaper - $2,720; (iii) liquor - $6,498;
(iv) beer and wine - $7,400; (v) repairs and maint - $571; and (vi)
other - $567.                     

The Debtor asks entry of an Order authorizing the use of Cash
Collateral to (i) procure a beer, wine and spirits delivery license
with a cost not to exceed $1,170; (ii) publish the service to
potential customers via print and social media with a cost not to
exceed $500; (iii) add premium cigars to its inventory at a cost
not to exceed $3,000; (iv) pay the cost outlay for the initial
procurement of cigars.  The Debtor asserts that once the inventory
of premium cigars is established and sales commence, the monthly
procurement of additional cigar inventory will be in the ordinary
course of business and not require an Order, aside from the more
general Order (as may be extended from time to time) permitting the
use of cash collateral and granting adequate protection. 

                  About Baria and Sons, LLC

Baria and Sons, LLC operates a convenience and liquor store in
Spring Lake, Michigan, serving a diverse clientele.  The company
sells a wide variety of liquor, from economy brands to relatively
high end brands.  It also has a large and carefully selected
variety of craft beers for sale, including mix and match six packs.
It sells various packaged grocery items, sodas, energy drinks,
water and brewed coffee.  Its customers range from those passing
through to locals who live in high end lake homes to economy
housing. 

Baria and Sons, LLC filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. W.D. Mich.
Case No. 17-00970), on March 6, 2017. The Petition was signed by
Gurinder Baria, General Manager. The Debtor is represented by
James
R. Oppenhuizen, Esq. at Oppenhuizen Law Firm, PLC. At the time of
filing, the Debtor had estimated both assets and liabilities to be
between $500,000 and $1 million each. 

No Trustee or Examiner has been appointed in the Debtor's Chapter
11 case and no Committees have been designated.


BE MY GUEST: Taps Frances Caruso as Bookkeeper
----------------------------------------------
Be My Guest, LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of New York to hire a bookkeeper.

The Debtor proposes to hire Frances Caruso to prepare and review
financial reports, including its monthly operating statements and
provide other services related to its Chapter 11 case.

Mr. Caruso will be paid an hourly fee of $50, and will be
reimbursed for work-related expenses.  

In a court filing, Mr. Caruso disclosed that he is a "disinterested
person" as defined in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

                        About Be My Guest

Be My Guest, LLC filed a voluntary petition for relief under
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. Case No.
17-10692) on March 22, 2017. The petition was signed by Lucy Balan,
authorized member. 

Douglas J. Pick, Esq. of Pick & Zabicki LLP represents the Debtor. 
The Hon. Sean H. Lane presides over the case.

As of date of filing, Be My Guest had $500,000 to $1 million
estimated assets and $1 million to $10 million estimated
liabilities.


BLUE BEE: Asks Court to Move Plan Filing Deadline to August 16
--------------------------------------------------------------
Blue Bee, Inc. d/b/a ANGL requests the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Central District of California to extend the Debtor's exclusive
periods to file a plan of reorganization and obtain acceptances, to
and including August 16, 2017 and October 16, 2017, respectively. 

The Court has previously extended the Debtor's exclusive periods to
file a Plan and obtain acceptances thereof, pursuant to an Order
entered on February 7, 2017. Without the requested extension, the
Debtor's exclusivity periods would expire on May 17, 2017 and July
17, 2017, respectively. 

The Debtor submits that at the outset of its bankruptcy case, the
Debtor believed it was critical that it first identify the core
Retail Stores around which it might ultimately be able to
reorganize before the Debtor could begin exploring and formulating
the terms of a feasible plan of reorganization. 

Accordingly, the Debtor relates that shortly after the Petition
Date, it began the process of analyzing the financial performance
of each of its twenty-one Retail Stores so as to determine which of
the Retail Stores were currently profitable or potentially
profitable if rent concessions could be successfully negotiated
with the landlords, and which of the Retail Stores were not
profitable and therefore needed to be closed on an expeditious
basis. 

Ultimately, as a result of the Debtor's analysis of the business
operations of the Retail Stores and negotiation with certain of its
landlords for rent concessions and other lease modifications, the
Debtor ultimately elected to close and reject the corresponding
leases for, eight of its Retail Stores, leaving the Debtor with a
total of 13 currently operating Retail Stores. 

While the Debtor has sought and obtained Court authority to assume
the leases for three of the Operating Retail Stores, the Debtor
submits that it has not yet sought to assume or reject the leases
for the ten other Operating Retail Stores. 

The Debtor anticipates that it will complete its analysis of these
ten Remaining Retail Stores and will be bringing motions seeking to
either assume or reject the leases for the Remaining Retail Stores
by May 17, 2017. However, the Debtor also anticipates that it may
be filing a motion to further extend the deadline for assuming or
rejecting such leases in the event that the Debtor requires
additional time to make a final determination regarding the
assumption or rejection of the leases for all or some of the ten
Remaining Retail Stores, and to the extent that the landlords under
such leases consent.

The Debtor tells the Court that once it has made a final
determination regarding the assumption or rejection of the leases
for its Remaining Retail Stores, and has had sufficient time to
evaluate its business operations and accurately forecast its sales
revenue and expenditures to formulate and ultimately support a plan
of reorganization, the Debtor will be in a position to formulate
and file a plan of reorganization in this case. The Debtor hopes to
file a plan of reorganization and disclosure statement within the
next ninety days.

                   About Blue Bee, Inc. 

Blue Bee, Inc., d/b/a ANGL, filed a chapter 11 petition (Bankr.
C.D. Cal. Case No. 16-23836) on Oct. 19, 2016.  The petition was
signed by Jeff Sungkak Kim, president.  The Debtor is represented
by Juliet Y. Oh, Esq., at Levene, Neale, Bender, Yoo & Brill LLP.
The case is assigned to Judge Sandra R. Klein.  The Debtor
estimated assets and liabilities at $1 million to $10 million.

Blue Bee is a retailer doing business under the "ANGL" brand
offering stylish and contemporary women's clothing at reasonable
prices to its fashion-savvy customers.  As of the bankruptcy filing
date, the Debtor owns and operates 21 retail stores located
primarily in shopping malls throughout the state of California. 
Since the opening of its first Retail Store in 1992 along Melrose
Avenue in Los Angeles, California, the Debtor has focused on
bringing designer fashion to a wider audience.


CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT: Fitch Withdraws 'CC' Issuer Default Rating
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Fitch Ratings has maintained the Rating Watch Positive for Caesars
Entertainment Corp. and related entities. Fitch has chosen to
withdraw the ratings of Caesars and related entities for commercial
reasons. 

RATING SENSITIVITIES

Ratings sensitivities are no longer relevant given withdrawal.

FULL LIST OF RATING ACTIONS

Fitch has maintained the Rating Watch Positive for the following
ratings and subsequently withdrew all of the ratings:

Caesars Entertainment Corp. (CEC)
-- Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) 'CC'.

Caesars Entertainment Resort Properties, LLC (CERP)
-- Long-Term IDR 'B-';
-- Senior secured first-lien credit facility 'B+/RR2';
-- First-lien notes 'B+/RR2';
-- Second-lien notes 'CCC/RR6'.

Caesars Growth Properties Holdings, LLC (CGPH)
-- Long-Term IDR 'B-';
-- Senior secured first-lien credit facility 'BB-/RR1';
-- Second-lien notes 'B-/RR4'.

Corner Investment PropCo, LLC (The Cromwell)
-- Long-Term IDR 'B-';
-- Senior secured credit facility 'B+/RR2'. 



CCC OF FAIRPLAY: PCO Files Final Report
---------------------------------------
Kim Bridges, as Long Term Care Ombudsman for CCC of Fairplay, LLC,
filed a Final Status Report on April 21, 2017, wit the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of South Carolina.

The Report noted that on April 9, 2017, the Administrator, Mary
Dunmoyer, gave notice that as of April 7, 2017 the facility was
officially closed, and on April 11, 2017, the Administrator emailed
that all the nine residents had been discharged from the facility.
Eight of the residents were transferred to other facilities and one
resident was discharged home.

A full-text copy of the PCO Report is available for free at:

      http://bankrupt.com/misc/scb16-03240-96.pdf

                 About CCC of Fairplay

CCC of Fairplay, LLC, sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. S.C. Case No. 16-03240) on June 30,
2016. The Debtor seeks to hire Skinner Law Firm, LLC, as its legal
counsel.

The Office of the U.S. Trustee disclosed in a court filing that no
official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in the
Chapter 11 case of CCC of Fairplay, LLC.

The United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of South
Carolina granted the application of the United States Trustee for
the appointment of A. Dale Watson of the State Long Term Care
Ombudsman Program as the patient care ombudsman for CCC of
Fairplay, LLC.


CERRITOS REFERENCE: Plan Outline Okayed, Plan Hearing on July 13
----------------------------------------------------------------
The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of California
will consider approval of the Chapter 11 plan of Cerritos Reference
Laboratory, Inc., at a hearing on July 13.

The hearing will be held at 8:30 a.m., at Department 1575 of the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Central District of California, Los Angeles
Division.

The court had earlier approved Cerritos' disclosure statement,
allowing the company to start soliciting votes from creditors.  

The order set a May 13 deadline for creditors to cast their votes
accepting or rejecting the plan.

The deadline to file a notion for confirmation of the plan is May
25.  Objections are due by June 8.

Cerritos' latest restructuring plan filed on Feb. 23 proposes to
pay unsecured creditors 50% of their claims in two years.  

                    About Cerritos Reference

Cerritos Reference Laboratory, Inc. sought protection under Chapter
11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. C.D. Cal. Case No. 16-14824) on
April 14, 2016.  The petition was signed by Arturo Pamintuan,
president.  The case is assigned to Judge Sandra R. Klein.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of less than
$100,000 and liabilities of less than $1 million.

On Dec. 15, 2016, the Debtor filed a disclosure statement, which
explains its proposed Chapter 11 plan of reorganization.


CHANNEL TECHNOLOGIES: Committee Taps Winthrop Couchot as Counsel
----------------------------------------------------------------
The official committee of unsecured creditors of Channel
Technologies Group, LLC seeks court approval to hire legal
counsel.

In a filing with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Central District
of California, the committee proposes to hire Winthrop Couchot
Golubow Hollander LLP to, among other things, give legal advice
regarding its duties under the Bankruptcy Code, investigate the
Debtor's financial condition, and assist in the investigation of a
bankruptcy plan. 

The hourly rates charged by the firm for the services of its
attorneys range from $425 to $750.  The firm's paralegal charges
$175 per hour.

Robert Opera, Esq., at Winthrop, disclosed in a court filing that
his firm is "disinterested" as defined in section 101(14) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Robert E. Opera, Esq.
     Andrew B. Levin, Esq.
     Winthrop Couchot Golubow Hollander LLP
     660 Newport Center Drive, Fourth Floor
     Newport Beach, CA 92660
     Tel: (949) 720-4100
     Fax: (949) 720-4111
     Email: ropera@wcghlaw.com
     Email: alevin@wcghlaw.com

                About Channel Technologies Group

Headquartered in Santa Barbara, California, Channel Technologies
Group, LLC, designs and manufactures piezoelectric ceramics,
transducers, sonar equipment and other related products sold
primarily to military, commercial, and industrial customers in the
United States and internationally.

CTG is a privately owned California limited liability company
founded in 1959.  In 2011, CTG was acquired by BW Piezo Holdings,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, from Alta Properties,
Inc., f.k.a. Channel Technologies, Inc. BWP now owns 100% of CTG's
member interests. BWP is majority-owned by Blue Wolf Capital Fund
II, L.P. (the Company's pre-petition lender), which is an
investment fund managed by Blue Wolf Capital Advisors, L.P. CTG is
a member-managed LLC. Charles Miller is the manager.

CTG filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. C.D. Cal. Case No.
16-11912) on Oct. 14, 2016.  The case is assigned to Judge Peter
Carroll.  The Debtor estimated $10 million to $50 million in assets
and debt.

The Debtor has engaged Jeffrey W. Dulberg, Esq., at Pachulski Stang
Ziehl & Jones LLP as bankruptcy counsel; Fernald Law Group LLP as
special counsel; CR3 Partners, LLC as restructuring advisor; and
Prime Clerk LLC as noticing, claims and balloting agent.

On April 7, 2017, the U.S. Trustee appointed three creditors to
serve on the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors.


CHANNEL TECHNOLOGIES: Plan Exclusivity Extended to June 19
----------------------------------------------------------
The Hon. Peter H. Carroll of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Central District of California has extended, at the behest of
Channel Technologies Group, LLC, the Debtor's exclusive right to: 

     -- file a plan of reorganization through and including June
19, 2017, and 

     -- solicit acceptances from creditors for its plan through and
including Aug. 18, 2017. 

As reported by the Troubled Company Reporter on April 17, 2017, the
Debtor asked the Court for the extensions, saying that while it has
been expeditiously acting for the benefit of the estate and its
creditors, it is not yet in a position to proceed with a plan.  The
Debtor is currently evaluating whether a Chapter 11 plan would be
cost-effective and whether another exit strategy would be more
beneficial and appropriate in its case. 

                 About Channel Technologies Group

Headquartered in Santa Barbara, California, Channel Technologies
Group, LLC, designs and manufactures piezoelectric ceramics,
transducers, sonar equipment and other related products sold
primarily to military, commercial, and industrial customers in the
United States and internationally.

CTG is a privately owned California limited liability company
founded in 1959.  In 2011, CTG was acquired by BW Piezo Holdings,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, from Alta Properties,
Inc., f.k.a. Channel Technologies, Inc. BWP now owns 100% of CTG's
member interests. BWP is majority-owned by Blue Wolf Capital Fund
II, L.P. (the Company's pre-petition lender), which is an
investment fund managed by Blue Wolf Capital Advisors, L.P. CTG is
a member-managed LLC. Charles Miller is the manager.

CTG filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. C.D. Cal. Case No.
16-11912) on Oct. 14, 2016.  The case is assigned to Judge Peter
Carroll.

The Debtor estimated $10 million to $50 million in assets and
debt.

The Debtor has engaged Jeffrey W. Dulberg, Esq., at Pachulski Stang
Ziehl & Jones LLP as bankruptcy counsel; Fernald Law Group LLP as
special counsel; CR3 Partners, LLC as restructuring advisor; and
Prime Clerk LLC as noticing, claims and balloting agent.

On April 7, 2017, the U.S. Trustee appointed three creditors to
serve in the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors in the
Debtor's case.


CHARLES WALKER: Examiner's Sale of Westcliffe Property Approved
---------------------------------------------------------------
Judge Elizabeth E. Brown of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
District of Colorado authorized C. Randel Lewis, the Examiner for
the Craig J. Walker and Susan Ann Walker and in the Walker
III-Voss, LLC, to sell the real estate known as 104 North Adams
Boulevard, Westcliffe, Colorado, to Lynn Branam and Sarah A. Branam
for $275,000.

The sale is free and clear of liens, claims, and interests.

The employment of Custer County Realty, Inc., and the proposed sale
commission of 6% payable to Custer County Realty are approved.

Craig J. Walker and Susan Ann Walker sought Chapter 11 protection
(Bankr. D. Colo. Case No. 15-18281) on July 24, 2015.



CHINA FISHERY: Sale of Pacific Voyager Vessel Approved
------------------------------------------------------
BankruptcyData.com reported that the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved
China Fishery Group's Chapter 11 trustee's motion for an order
authorizing (a) the private sale of non-debtor vessel Pacific
Voyager (currently owned by Sustainable Fishing Resources, a
non-debtor subsidiary of CFG Peru Singapore) and (b) the Chapter 11
trustee to consent to and take all corporate actions desirable or
necessary in connection therewith. As previously reported, "[T]he
Chapter 11 Trustee seeks entry of an order (i) authorizing the
Chapter 11 Trustee to take all corporate governance actions
desirable or necessary to effectuate the private sale of the
Pacific Voyager pursuant to a Memorandum of Agreement ('MoA') and
Letter Agreement Regarding Pacific Voyager ('Side Letter,' together
with the MoA, the 'Sale Agreement') by and between SFR and Arctic
Raven Pelagic A/S or its nominee ('Arctic Raven' or the 'Buyer');
and (ii) approving the Sale Transaction pursuant to the terms of
the Sale Agreement. The sale of the Pacific Voyager will provide
the Peruvian OpCos and the Debtor's estate with additional
necessary liquidity. Moreover, entry of an Order approving the
Chapter 11 Trustee's proposed actions provides finality and
security to Arctic Raven as buyer of the Pacific Voyager. The
proceeds from the Sale Transaction will be used to repay Copeinca
for intercompany loans totalling approximately $2,000,000 USD for
various expenses including but not limited to regulatory fees,
taxes, customs, inspection and maintenance fees of the SFR Vessels,
legal fees, and rental property fees; as well as to potentially pay
administrative costs such as U.S. Trustee quarterly fees and fees
and expenses for professionals who have not yet received any
payment in these cases."

           About China Fishery Group Limited (Cayman)

China Fishery Group Limited (Cayman) and its affiliates sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. S.D.N.Y.
Lead Case No. 16-11895) on June 30, 2016.  The petition was signed
by Ng Puay Yee, chief executive officer.  The cases are assigned to
Judge James L. Garrity Jr.

At the time of the filing, China Fishery Group estimated its assets
at $500 million to $1 billion and debts at $10 million to $50
million.

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP has been tapped to serve as lead
bankruptcy counsel for China Fishery and its affiliates other than
CFG Peru Investments Pte. Limited (Singapore).  Weil Gotshal
replaces Meyer, Suozzi, English & Klein, P.C., the law firm
initially hired by the Debtors.  The Debtors have also tapped
Klestadt Winters Jureller Southard & Stevens, LLP as conflict
counsel; Goldin Associates, LLC, as financial advisor; and RSR
Consulting LLC as restructuring consultant.

On Nov. 10, 2016, William Brandt, Jr., was appointed as Chapter 11
trustee for CFG Peru Investments Pte. Limited (Singapore), one of
the Debtors.  Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP serves as
the trustee's bankruptcy counsel; Hogan Lovells US LLP serves as
special counsel; and Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, LLP, serves
as special litigation counsel.


CHINACAST EDUCATION: Seeks Compromise to Settle Norton Rose Claim
-----------------------------------------------------------------
ChinaCast Education Corporation filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of New York a first amended
disclosure statement referring to its first amended plan of
reorganization, dated April 21, 2017.

On Feb. 28, 2017, the Debtor filed the Debtor's Motion for Entry of
an Order Authorizing the Debtor to Obtain Post-Petition Secured,
Superpriority Financing Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. sections 105, 362 and
364, Bankruptcy Rule 4001(c) and Local Bankruptcy Rule 4001-2. The
DIP Financing Motion was filed by the Debtor to obtain financing
necessary to pay the Norton Rose Cure Claim and the other
administrative costs that are required to be paid in order for the
Plan to be confirmed. 

According to the amended disclosure statement, the DIP Financing
Motion was granted by order of the Bankruptcy Court dated March 27,
2017. Shortly after the Court granted the DIP Financing Motion, the
Debtor borrowed the full amount of the available $324,000 of the
DIP Financing. 

On Feb. 28, 2017, the Debtor filed its Application for Entry of an
Order Authorizing the Employment and Retention of Norton Rose
Fulbright Hong Kong as Special Litigation Counsel for the Debtor
and Debtor-in-Possession Nunc Pro Tunc to the Petition Date to
represent the Debtor in Recovery Actions in Hong Kong. The Norton
Rose Retention Application was granted by order of the Bankruptcy
Court dated March 27, 2017.

In connection with the Norton Rose Retention Application, the
Debtor also filed the Debtor's Motion for Entry of an Order
Authorizing and Approving Assumption of Engagement Agreements
Between Debtor and Norton Rose Fulbright Hong Kong. By the Norton
Rose Assumption Motion, the Debtor sought authority to assume
certain engagement agreements between the Debtor and Norton Rose
Fulbright Hong Kong and to cure, before plan confirmation, certain
defaults thereunder. On March 27, 2017, the Bankruptcy Court
entered an order denying the Norton Rose Assumption Motion, without
prejudice.

Thereafter, the Debtor filed the Debtor's Motion for Entry of an
Order Approving Compromise with Norton Rose Fulbright Hong Kong
Pursuant to Federal Rule of Bankruptcy Procedure 9019(a). Pursuant
to the Norton Rose Compromise Motion, the Debtor seeks approval of
a compromise resolving the pre-petition claim of Norton Rose in the
amount of $474,215.59, which compromise provides for the payment of
$150,000 to Norton Rose when the Norton Rose Compromise Motion was
granted, with Norton Rose retaining the balance of $324,215.59 as a
General Unsecured Claim. As of the date of this Disclosure
Statement, the Norton Rose Compromise Motion was pending.

The Amended Disclosure Statement is available at:

           http://bankrupt.com/misc/nysb16-13121-82.pdf 

The Troubled Company Reporter previously reported that Class 6
General Unsecured Claims -- estimated at $12,367,282 -- is impaired
by the Plan.  Estimated recovery for this class is unknown.  Shares
in assets remaining after unclassified claims and Classes 1-3 are
paid in full pari passu with Classes 4 and 5.

                   About Chinacast Education

ChinaCast Education Corp. owned and operated three universities
in China: the Foreign Trade and Business College of Chongqing
Normal University, the Lijiang College of Guangxi Normal
University and the Hubei Industrial University Business College,
in addition to internet-based interactive distance learning
applications, multimedia education content delivery, and
vocational training courses.

Chinacast sought protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. Case No. 16-13121) on Nov. 9, 2016.  The
petition was signed by Douglas Woodrum, chief financial officer.

The case is assigned to Judge Mary Kay Vyskocil.  Klestadt
Winters Jureller Southard & Stevens, LLP represents the debtor as
its bankruptcy counsel.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets at
$500 million to $1 billion and debts at $10 million to $50
million.

The Office of the U.S. Trustee has not yet appointed an official
committee of unsecured creditors.


COLD SPY: Wants to Use Direct Capital Collateral
------------------------------------------------
Cold Spy on the Inside, LLC, doing business as Tune Up Plus, asks
the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia to
authorize its use of the collateral of Direct Capital Corp. to
maintain its automotive repair business.

Objections, if any, must be filed within 14 days after service of
the Notice.

In September 2014, the Debtor and Direct Capital entered into the
Agreement, whereby the Debtor would lease the Collateral from
Direct Capital in exchange for monthly payments of $1,067 for 60
months, plus a security deposit of $1,066, an advance payment with
tax of $1,067, processing fees of $99 and one final buyout payment
of $1.

The Debtor uses the Collateral in its business operations.  As of
the Petition Date, the Debtor owed approximately $34,115 to Direct
Capital.  The obligation owed is secured by the Collateral and it
has a recorded UCC-1 with the State Corporation Commission of the
Commonwealth of Virginia.

In connection with its business, the Debtor has various obligations
for taxes, payroll, utilities, parts, and other costs associated
with the business operations.  In order to continue its operations,
it needs to use the Collateral to generate income to pay the
expenses of the case and its operations.  Direct Capital has
consented to the use of the Collateral and the proposed monthly
payment, which is a reduction of the monthly amount set forth in
the Agreement.

The Debtor will continue to use these Collateral, which is
collateral for the obligation owed to Direct Capital, as well as
addressing payments due to Direct Capital, which come due to Direct
Capital on a monthly basis: (i) alignment machine, CEMB, Part #:
DWA1000XL, located at the Norfolk location of the Debtor; (ii)
alignment machine, CEMB, Part #: DWA1000XL, located at the Hampton
location of the Debtor; (iii) alignment machine, CEMB, Part #:
DWA1000XL, located at the Virginia Beach location of the Debtor;
and (iv) alignment machine, CEMB, Part #: DWA1000XL, located at the
Chesapeake location of the Debtor.

Direct Capital has asked that the Debtor ask the relief in order to
protect its interests. 

According to the Debtor, the use of the collateral should help in
preserving the estate for all parties-in-interest; and the
Collateral is used in the normal business operations of the Debtor,
which is providing auto repairs and services to the public located
throughout the Hampton Roads/Tidewater area.

The main provisions of the proposed use of the Collateral are: (i)
the Debtor will use the Collateral in its normal business
operations during the pendency of its bankruptcy case; and (ii) it
may use the Collateral, subject to the terms imposed by
the Court pursuant to any order allowing the use and adequate
protection provided by it.

The Debtor, as adequate protection for the use of the Collateral,
and as satisfaction for the payments that become due to Direct
Capital, the Debtor will pay $900/month, which payments will begin
immediately, until the obligation is satisfied, or as a result of
further order entered in the case governing the obligation owed to
Direct Capital, with the monthly payments being remitted by the
15th day of each month.

The Debtor asks the Court to enter an order allowing it to use the
Collateral and make monthly adequate protection payments to Direct
Capital, as proposed; and for such other and further relief as the
Court deems just and proper.

A full-text copy of the Motion is available for free at:

       http://bankrupt.com/misc/Cold_Spy_28_Sales.pdf

                About Cold Spy on the Inside

Cold Spy on the Inside, LLC, sought protection under Chapter 11 of
the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. E.D. Va. Case No. 17-71004) on March
22, 2017.  The case is assigned to Judge Stephen C. St. John.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of less
than
$50,000 and liabilities of less than $1 million.

No trustee, receiver or creditors' committee has been appointed.


COLORADO CHOICE: A.M. Best Lowers Financial Strength Rating to C++
------------------------------------------------------------------
A.M. Best has downgraded the Financial Strength Rating to C++
(Marginal) from B (Fair) and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings to
"b+" from "bb+" of Colorado Choice Health Plans (Colorado Choice)
(Alamosa, CO). These Credit Ratings (ratings) remain under review
with the implication revised to developing from negative.

The rating actions reflect a significant deterioration in Colorado
Choice's absolute and risk-adjusted capital at year-end 2016.  The
company reported a $4.8 million net loss for the year driven by
sizeable premium growth and its persistently high loss ratio.  At
year-end 2016, the capital and surplus was $1.6 million, while
annual premium exceeded $92 million resulting in risk-based capital
falling below 50% company action level.  Furthermore, a substantial
portion of Colorado Choice's capital at year-end 2016 was comprised
of subordinated debentures.  The company entered into an agreement
to merge with Melody Health Insurance (Melody Health) in November
2016; however, the approval and closing of the transaction is not
expected until second quarter 2017.

While Colorado Choice anticipates a capital contribution from
Melody Health to bring the risk-based capital above 200% upon
closing of the transaction, A.M. Best is concerned that Colorado
Choice may not be able to meet its financial obligations to
policyholders should the closing of the transaction be delayed or
if the terms of the anticipated capital contribution are changed.
If the capital contribution is not received as currently planned,
an additional rating downgrade is likely.  Conversely, if the
transaction closes and the capital contribution as specified above
is provided, A.M. Best may consider an upgrade for the ratings.


CONSOLIDATED CONTAINER: Moody's Assigns B3 Corporate Family Rating
------------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service assigned a B3 Corporate Family Rating and
B3-PD Probability of Default Rating to Consolidated Container
Company LLC (New) (CCC). Moody's also assigned a B3 rating to the
First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan due in 2024. The ratings
outlook is stable. The proceeds from the new loan will be used to
finance the acquisition of rigid packaging manufacturer,
Consolidated Container, by Loews Corporation (A3 stable) from Bain
Capital.

The purchase price is supported by an approximately $625 million
equity investment by Loews Corporation. The transaction is expected
to close in May 2017. The existing ratings of Consolidated
Container Company LLC including the Caa1 CFR are not affected and
will be withdrawn upon closing of the transaction.

Moody's took the following actions:

Assignments:

Issuer: Consolidated Container Company LLC (New)

-- Corporate Family Rating, Assigned B3

-- Probability of Default Rating, Assigned B3-PD

-- Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan, Assigned B3 (LGD 4)

Outlook Actions:

Issuer: Consolidated Container Company LLC (New)

-- Outlook, Assigned Stable

Consolidated Container Company LLC:

Withdraw all ratings and Outlook following close of transaction

The ratings are subject the transaction closing as proposed and the
receipt and review of the final documentation.

RATINGS RATIONALE

The upgrade of the Corporate Family Rating to B3 from Caa1 reflects
the reduction in debt resulting from the buyout and equity
investment by Loews Corporation (A3 stable). The proposed reduction
in debt improves credit metrics to a level commensurate with the
rating category as outlined in the rating triggers. The resulting
reduction in interest expense is also expected to improve the
company's weak free cash generation and provide improved
liquidity.

The B3 Corporate Family Rating reflects the company's concentration
of sales, significant percentage of commoditized products and
percentage of business that is not under contract. CCC has a high
concentration of sales by both product line and customer. The
rating also reflects the strong competition in the industry and
fragmented structure that will make it difficult to meaningfully
improve earnings. . The company's product line contains a
significant percentage of commoditized products. Approximately 20%
of the business by volume is not under long-term contract and
subject to market forces.

The rating is supported by the company's on-going cost reduction
initiatives, long-standing relationships with certain
well-established manufacturers and significant percentage of plants
co-located on the customer's premises. Despite a small revenue
base, CCC has scale relative to many competitors. Approximately 80%
of business by volume is under contract with raw material cost
pass-through provisions, but other costs are not passed through on
all contracts and lags in passing through costs can be
significant.

Moody's expects CCC's high debt-to-leverage (approximately over
5.5x for the fiscal year ended December 2016 pro forma for the
transaction and including Moody's standard adjustments) to remain
within the rating category over the next 12 to 18 months. Moody's
expects CCC will pursue acquisitions and while increased scale and
a stronger market position would be beneficial, acquisitions create
integration risk and will likely limit de-leveraging.

The ratings could be upgraded if CCC sustainably improved its
credit metrics within the context of a stable competitive and
operating environment. In particular, management will need to
execute on their operating plan and demonstrate that any
improvements in credit metrics are sustainable. Specifically, the
ratings could be upgraded if debt/EBITDA declines below 5.5 times,
EBITDA to interest expense increases above 3.0 times and funds from
operations to debt increases above 8.5%.

The ratings could be downgraded if there is a deterioration in
credit metrics, liquidity or the operating and competitive
environment. The ratings could also be downgraded if financial
aggressiveness increases. Specifically, the ratings could be
downgraded if debt/EBITDA is above 6.0 times, EBITDA to interest
expense declines below 2.0 times and funds from operations to debt
is below 6.0%.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Packaging
Manufacturers: Metal, Glass, and Plastic Containers published in
September 2015. 

Based in Atlanta, Georgia, Consolidated Container Company LLC is
one of the leading domestic manufacturers of rigid plastic
containers for mostly branded consumer products and beverage
companies and a supplier of recycled resin. Revenues for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2016 were $788 million which were
predominantly generated domestically. The company will now be owned
by Loews Corporation.



CORONADO GROUP: Moody's Assigns B3 Rating to $200MM Term Loan
-------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service assigned a first time B3 rating to the
proposed $200 million First Lien Term Loan B to be issued by
Coronado Group LLC (Coronado). Moody's also assigned the Corporate
Family Rating (CFR) of B3 and the Probability of Default Rating
(PDR) of B3-PD. The outlook is stable.

The proceeds of the issuance are expected to be used to pay
dividends to Coronado's shareholders. The company began to receive
funding from The Energy & Minerals Group (EMG), a Texas-based PE
firm, in 2012. The company had been funded by 100% equity to date,
from both EMG and Coronado's management. The company's three
metallurgical coal mine complexes were acquired from Lehman
Brothers, Cliffs Natural Resources, and CONSOL Energy.

Issuer: Coronado Group LLC

Assignments

-- Corporate Family Rating, Assigned B3

-- Probability of Default Rating, Assigned B3-PD

-- $200M Senior Secured Term Loan B, Assigned B3 (LGD4)

Outlook Actions:

-- Outlook, Assigned Stable

RATINGS RATIONALE

While Moody's acknowledge the low-cost position of the company's
mines, particularly Buchanan long wall operation, the ratings
reflect the significant operational concentration with roughly 70%
of production coming from Buchanan, and the inherent volatility of
the metallurgical coal markets.

The B3 CFR further reflects the company's ownership of one of the
most productive, and efficient metallurgical coal mining complexes
in the United States, Buchanan, acquired from CONSOL Energy in
March 2016. In addition to low-vol met coal production from
Buchanan, the company also produces high-vol met coal from the
Logan mining complex and mid-vol met coal from Greenbrier. All
three complexes are located in Central Appalachia and in 2016 had a
combined production of 7.4 million short tons, with roughly 90% of
it sold as metallurgical coal to the domestic and international
steelmakers.

The metallurgical coal benchmark settlements have fluctuated
between $82 and $285/mt over the past year, and the ratings
incorporate pricing sensitivities of $175 average for 2017, $120
for 2018 and 2019 in the base case and $95 in a stress case.

Moody's does not views the recent surge in metallurgical coal
prices as sustainable. The recent upturn is attributable primarily
to temporary supply disruptions and operating days restrictions at
mines in China, weather events in Australia and a stimulus-driven
increase in demand from the Chinese steel sector. While the price
rally provides long-awaited relief to the metallurgical coal
producers, Moody's believes that the market will normalize by the
end of 2017. In April 2017, spot prices for the low-vol met coal
tracked at around $170.

The ratings reflect our expectations that the company Debt/ EBITDA,
as adjusted, would be maintained at below 2x, assuming positive
free cash flows in 2017 are directed towards debt repayment, and
met benchmark prices are sustained at around $120 per tonne beyond
2017. Current ratings assume that following dividend payout of $300
million in 2017, the company will not make any further major
distributions to its shareholders over the medium term. The ratings
further reflect, however, potential uncertainty in future financial
policies of the company, e.g. with respect to any future
acquisitions. The ratings also reflect potential volatility in
margins and increase in leverage should metallurgical coal prices
retreat to the low levels observed in 2015 and 2016.

The B3 rating on the senior secured term loan, in line with the
CFR, reflects the preponderance of secured debt in the capital
structure, along with the $100 million ABL revolver.

The company has adequate liquidity, including cash balance of
roughly $90 million at December 31, 2016 and expected full
availability under the $100 million ABL facility. The senior
secured term loan is not expected to have any financial covenants.
Moody's expects positive free cash flows over the next twelve
months at current prices. Moody's note, however, that free cash
flows could turn negative at some of the pricing levels observed
over the past two years while the industry was in distress.

The stable outlook reflects our expectation of positive free cash
flows.

The ratings could be upgraded if metallurgical coal markets were to
show more stability and predictability. The ratings could also be
upgraded in the event of material growth in scale and diversity.

The ratings could be downgraded if Debt/ EBITDA, as adjusted,
increased above 5x, if free cash flows turned negative, or if
liquidity deteriorated.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Global Mining
Industry published in August 2014. 

Headquartered in Beckley, West Virginia, Coronado Group LLC
(Coronado) operates seven active mines within three main mining
complexes, which consist of one longwall mine and two continuous
mines in the Central Appalachian region. The company produces and
exports metallurgical ("met") coal for a customer base of blast
furnace steel producers. For the twelve months ended December 31,
2016, the company generated $439 million in revenues.


CORPORATE RESOURCE: $2M Settlement With Del Monte Approved
----------------------------------------------------------
BankruptcyData.com reported that the U.S. Bankruptcy Court issued
an order approving Corporate Resource Services' Chapter 11
trustee's motion for entry of an order approving a settlement
agreement with Del Monte Fresh Production and Del Monte Fresh
Produce As previously reported, "As part of the ongoing
administration of the jointly administered estates before the Court
in these cases, the Trustee seeks authority to settle the largest
-- and perhaps most contentious -- litigation over the collection
of accounts receivable, for an affirmative recovery in the amount
of $2,000,000 by the estates of TS Staffing Services and Diamond
Staffing Services, the 'Estates.'  The proposed settlement arises
in litigation commenced prior to the filing of these chapter 11
cases, by DMI as plaintiff in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of Florida, against TS Staffing Services,
('TSS'), seeking damages in excess of $12,000,000 for alleged
breaches, acts and omissions in connection with a contract to
provide temporary labor for certain tomato farming operations in
Florida and Virginia.  The Trustee believes and respectfully avers
to this Court that the proposed settlement is in the best interest
of the Estates, providing an immediate $2,000,000 lump-sum payment.
Should Del Monte fail to make the $2,000,000 payment within five
days of this Court's final approval of the Settlement Agreement,
the Trustee will become entitled to the entry of a final consent
judgment against DMI and DMNA, jointly and severally, in the amount
of $2,750,000."

                About Corporate Resource Services

Corporate Resource Services, Inc., is a provider of corporate
employment and human resource solutions, headquartered in New York.
CRS leases its headquarters and does not own any real property.
About 90% of CRS shares are owned by Robert Cassera and the balance
are traded OTC.

As of Dec. 31, 2014, CRS was one of the largest employment staffing
companies in the U.S., providing employment and human resources
solutions for corporations with annual sales of about one billion
dollars.  In February 2015, CRS began an orderly wind down of
operations after discovering that TS Employment, Inc., a privately
held company owned by Mr. Cassera, failed to remit tens of millions
of dollars of the Debtors' withholding taxes to taxing
authorities.

TS Employment Inc., a professional employer organization that
provided payroll-related services for CRS, sought Chapter 11
protection (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. Case No. 15-10243) in Manhattan on Feb.
2, 2015.  The case is before Judge Martin Glenn.  TSE tapped Scott
S. Markowitz, Esq., at Tarter Krinsky & Drogin LLP, in New York, as
counsel.  Realization Services Inc. serves as the Debtor's
consultant. 

CRS and its subsidiaries sought Chapter 11 protection (Bankr. D.
Del. Lead Case No. 15-11546) on July 23, 2015, to complete their
orderly wind down of operations.  The CRS Debtors' cases were
transferred to New York (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. Lead Case No. 15-12329),
on August 18, 2015, and assigned to Judge Glenn.  CRS estimated $10
million to $50 million in assets and $50 million to $100 million in
debt.

The CRS Debtors tapped Gellert Scali Busenkell & Brown, LLC, as
bankruptcy counsel; Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale & Dorr LLP, as
special counsel; Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP, as special SEC
counsel; SSG Capital Advisors as financial advisors and investment
bankers; and Rust Omni LLC as claims agent.  

James S. Feltman has been appointed as Chapter 11 trustee for the
CRS Debtors and for TS Employment.  He has tapped Togut, Segal &
Segal LLP as counsel; and Jenner & Block LLP and Greenberg Traurig,
P.A., as special counsel.


CRESTWOOD HOLDINGS: Moody's Withdraws B3 Rating on $350MM Sr. Loan
------------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service withdrew the B3 rating that was assigned
on March 24, 2017 for Crestwood Holdings LLC's (Holdings) proposed
$350 million Senior Secured Term Loan due 2022. The company
withdrew the term loan and the debt was never issued.

RATINGS RATIONALE

Issuer: Crestwood Holdings LLC.

Ratings Withdrawn:

-- $350 million Senior Secured Term Loan due 2022, rated B3 
    (LGD 3)

Please refer to Moody's Withdrawal Policy on www.moodys.com.

Holdings is a private holding company owned primarily by a fund
managed by First Reserve Corporation (First Reserve). Holdings
indirectly controls Crestwood Midstream Partners LP (Ba3
negative).



D&D TREE SERVICE: Can File Plan of Reorganization Until June 27
---------------------------------------------------------------
Judge Austin E. Carter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle
District of Georgia extended the exclusive period during which only
D & D Tree Service Inc. may file a Plan of Reorganization and
Disclosure Statement through and including June 27, 2017.

The Troubled Company Reporter has earlier reported that the Debtor
sought further extension of its exclusive plan, saying that, since
the Petition Date, Southwest Georgia had experienced a significant
number of violent storms and other natural disasters, thus
increasing the need for the Debtor's services.  The Debtor had thus
been unable to meet with its counsel to develop a Plan of
Reorganization.

The Debtor's current exclusive plan filing period was slated to
expire on April 28, absent an extension. 

                  About D & D Tree Service, Inc.

D & D Tree Service Inc. filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition
(Bankr. M.D. Ga. Case No. 16-11382) on November 1, 2016. The
Petition was signed by Walter D. Edwards,Jr., President. The Debtor
is represented by Kenneth W. Revell, Esq. at Zalkin Revell, PLLC.
At the time of filing, the Debtor had $100,000 to $500,000 in
estimated assets and $50,000 to $100,000 in estimated liabilities.


DEER MEADOWS: U.S. Trustee Appoints Wesley H. Avery as CPO
----------------------------------------------------------
Gail Brehm Geiger, the Acting United States Trustee for Region 18,
files an appointment before the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
District of Oregon naming Wesley H. Avery as the Consumer Privacy
Ombudsman for Deer Meadows, LLC.

The Appointment was made pursuant to the order dated April 20,
2017, directing the United States Trustee to appoint a consumer
privacy ombudsman for the Debtor.

Wesley H. Avery can be reached at:

     Wesley H. Avery
     758 E. Colorado Blvd, Ste. 210
     Pasadena, CA 91101-2105

              About Deer Meadows, LLC

Deer Meadows filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. D. Ore. Case No.
16-33768) on Sept. 30, 2016. The petition was signed by Kristin
Harder, manager. The case is assigned to Judge Peter C. McKittrick.
The Debtor estimated assets and liabilities at $1 million to $10
million at the time of the filing.

The Debtor tapped Stephen T. Boyke, Esq., at the Law Office of
Stephen T. Boyke, as counsel. The Debtor also hired JCH Consulting
Group, Inc. as real estate broker; and Ogden Murphy Wallace PLLC as
special counsel.

Gail Brehm Geiger, the Acting United States Trustee for the
District of Oregon, appointed Suzanne Koenig, as the Patient Care
Ombudsman for Deer Meadows, LLC.

No trustee, examiner or committee has been appointed in the case.


DIOCESE OF NEW ULM: Hires Felhaber Larson as Counsel
----------------------------------------------------
The Diocese of New Ulm seeks authorization from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Minnesota to employ Felhaber, Larson,
Fenlon & Vogt, PA, as counsel.

The Debtor requires Felhaber to provide advice and represent the
Debtor in the course of this bankruptcy case. 

The compensation agreed to be paid by the Debtor to Felhaber for
its representation is the hourly rates customarily charged by
Felhaber, plus expenses.

The Debtor owed Felhaber approximately $500.00 for prepetition
services. As a part of its agreement to provide services to the
Debtor postpetition, Felhaber has agreed to waive its claim for
these prepetition fees.

Dennis J. Merley, Esq., shareholder at Felhaber, Larson, Fenlon &
Vogt, PA, assured the Court that the firm is a "disinterested
person" as the term is defined in Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy
Code and does not represent any interest adverse to the Debtor and
its estates.

Felhaber may be reached at:

      Dennis J. Merley, Esq.
      Felhaber, Larson, Fenlon & Vogt, PA
      220 South 6th St, Suite 2200 
      Minneapolis, MN 55402
      Tel: (612) 373-8434
      Email: dmerley@felhaber.com

                      About Diocese of New Ulm

The Diocese of New Ulm sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Minn. Case No. 17-30601) on March 3,
2017.  The petition was signed by Monsignor Douglas L. Grams, vice
general.  The case is assigned to Judge Robert J. Kressel.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of $10
million to $50 million and liabilities of less than $50,000.

James L. Baillie, Esq., at Fredrikson & Byron, P.A., serves as the
Debtor's legal counsel.


DIOCESE OF NEW ULM: Hires James Young & Associates as Accountant
----------------------------------------------------------------
The Diocese of New Ulm seeks authorization from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Minnesota to employ James Young &
Associates, Ltd., as accountant.

The Debtor requires James Young & Associates Ltd. to provide
periodic assistance with the Debtor's financial records and a
yearly fiscal review of the Debtor's financial records.

The Debtor proposes that the compensation for James Young &
Associates be on an hourly rate.

The source of all payments to James Young & Associates, Ltd. will
be from earnings or other current income of the Debtor. In the
bankruptcy case, James Young & Associates, Ltd. has not received,
and will not receive, a transfer of property other than such
payments made to James Young & Associates, Ltd. by the Debtor.

James Young, CPA, principal of James Young & Associates, Ltd,
assured the Court that the firm is a "disinterested person" as the
term is defined in Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does
not represent any interest adverse to the Debtor and its estates.

James Young & Associates may be reached at:

      James Young, CPA
      James Young & Associates, Ltd
      101 Main St S, Suite 206
      Hutchinson, MN 55350
      Tel: 320-587-4747
      Fax: 320-587-504

                    About Diocese of New Ulm

The Diocese of New Ulm sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Minn. Case No. 17-30601) on March 3,
2017.  The petition was signed by Monsignor Douglas L. Grams, vice
general.  The case is assigned to Judge Robert J. Kressel.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of $10
million to $50 million and liabilities of less than $50,000.

James L. Baillie, Esq., at Fredrikson & Byron, P.A., serves as the
Debtor's legal counsel.


DIOCESE OF NEW ULM: Hires Valley Properties as Broker
-----------------------------------------------------
The Diocese of New Ulm seeks authorization from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Minnesota to employ Valley Properties,
Inc., as real estate broker.

The Debtor owns a number of real estate parcels. Prior to the
bankruptcy filing date, the Debtor entered into an annual listing
agreement with Valley Properties for the marketing of certain real
estate parcels located in the Oak Bluffs Sixth Addition in New Ulm,
Minnesota. Pursuant to the annual listing agreement, the Debtor
agreed to pay Valley Properties $1,250 per lot as their commission.
As of the Filing Date, the Diocese owned six remaining Oak Bluffs
Sixth Addition parcels, but five of the parcels were sold
prepetition pursuant to purchase agreements. 

The Debtor recently filed a Motion for Order Authorizing the
Assumption of Executory Contracts and the court approved the
assumption of the five purchase agreements. The Debtor believes it
is in the best interest of the estate to continue to market the
remaining Oak Bluffs Sixth Addition parcel.

The Debtor requires Valley Properties, Inc. to represent or assist
the Diocese in marketing, locating buyers for, and negotiate the
sale of certain real property.

The compensation agreed to be paid by the Debotr to Valley
Properties for its real estate services in the form of a commission
for each parcel sold.

LaNaye Kral, broker and partner at Valley Properties, Inc., assured
the Court that the firm is a "disinterested person" as the term is
defined in Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does not
represent any interest adverse to the Debtor and its estates.

Valley Properties may be reached at:

     LaNaye Kral
     Valley Properties, Inc.
     826 N Broadway
     New Ulm, MN 56073
     Tel: 507-354-1986

                     About Diocese of New Ulm

The Diocese of New Ulm sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Minn. Case No. 17-30601) on March 3,
2017.  The petition was signed by Monsignor Douglas L. Grams, vice
general.  The case is assigned to Judge Robert J. Kressel.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of $10
million to $50 million and liabilities of less than $50,000.

James L. Baillie, Esq., at Fredrikson & Byron, P.A., serves as the
Debtor's legal counsel.


DIRECTBUY HOLDINGS: Consumer Liquidation's 401K Plan Terminated
---------------------------------------------------------------
BankruptcyData.com reported that the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved
DirectBuy Holdings' affiliated Debtor Consumer Liquidation's motion
for an order approving the (i) termination of its 401(k) plan and
(ii) implementation of procedures in connection therewith.  As
previously reported, "By this motion, UCCI respectfully requests
entry of an order approving its termination of the 401 (k) Plan,
effective as of March 16, 2017. UCCI submits that sound business
justification exists to terminate the 401 (k) Plan.  As a result of
the elimination of its work force and impending wind down, UCCI can
no longer justify the costs associated with maintaining the 401(k)
Plan.  As an integral component of UCCI's efforts to maximize value
for its estate and creditor by, among other things, eliminating
unnecessary operating costs, UCCI has determined that it is in the
best business interests to avoid the accrual of any further
obligations related to the 401(k) Plan. If the 401(k) Plan is not
terminated, UCCI's estate will incur additional, unwarranted costs
in connection with the ongoing administration of the 401(k) Plan."

                   About DirectBuy Holdings

DirectBuy Holdings Inc., headquartered in Merrillville, Indiana, is
a membership buying club that operates under a franchise business
model.  DirectBuy Holdings, Inc., United Consumers Club,
Incorporated, DirectBuy, Inc., Beta Finance Company, Inc., UCC
Distribution, Inc., U.C.C. Trading Corporation, National Management
Corporation, and UCC of Canada, Inc., each filed Chapter 11
petitions (Bankr. D. Del. Lead Case No. 16-12435) on Nov. 1, 2016. 
The petitions were signed by Michael P. Bornhorst, chief executive
officer.

DirectBuy Holdings estimated $100 million to $500 million in assets
and liabilities.  

Judge Christopher S. Sontchi presides over the cases.

Marion M. Quirk, Esq., Nicholas J. Brannick, Esq., Michael D.
Sirota, Esq., Ilana Volkov, Esq., Felice R. Yudkin, Esq., at Cole
Schotz P.C., are serving as counsel to the Debtors.  Carl Marks &
Co. serves as the Debtors' financial advisor.  Prime Clerk LLC is
the claims and noticing agent.  

The Company's Canadian subsidiaries were slated on Nov. 2, 2016, to
commence proposal proceedings under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency
Act to obtain an Order from the Ontario Superior Court of Justice
approving proposals to be made by the Canadian Subsidiaries to
their respective creditors under Part III of the BIA.

Andrew R. Vara, Acting U.S. Trustee for Region 3, appointed five
creditors of DirectBuy Holdings, Inc., to serve on the official
committee of unsecured creditors.  Saul Ewing LLP has been tapped
as counsel and Emerald Capital Advisors as financial advisors.

An ad hoc committee of prepetition noteholders, which include
Bayside DirectBuy, LLC, is being represented by Weil, Gotshal
Manges LLP and Pepper Hamilton LLP.


EAST VILLAGE PROPERTIES: To Hire Robinson Brog as Legal Counsel
---------------------------------------------------------------
East Village Properties LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of New York to hire Robinson Brog
Leinwand Greene Genovese & Gluck P.C.

The firm will serve as legal counsel to East Village and its
affiliates in connection with their Chapter 11 cases.  The services
include advising the Debtors regarding their duties under the
Bankruptcy Code, negotiating with creditors, and preparing a plan
of reorganization.

The hourly rates charged by the firm range from $400 to $700 for
shareholders, $250 to $465 for associates, and $175 to $300 for
paralegals.

Robinson Brog will be paid a post-petition retainer of $100,000,
and $32,000 for the filing fees from funds being held in escrow by
secured lender EVF 1 LLC.  Upon the filing of a plan, the firm will
be paid a retainer of $100,000 from those funds.

A. Mitchell Greene, Esq., at Robinson, disclosed in a court filing
that the firm is a "disinterested person" as defined in section
101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     A. Mitchell Greene, Esq.
     Robinson Brog Leinwand Greene 
     Genovese & Gluck P.C.
     875 Third Avenue 
     New York, NY 10022
     Local: (212) 603-6300 
     Toll-free : (800) 431-1473 
     Email: info@robinsonbrog.com

                  About East Village Properties

East Village Properties, LLC, and its affiliates own 15
multi-family residential apartment buildings in the east
village of New York City.

The Debtors sought Chapter 11 protection (Bankr. S.D. N.Y. Lead
Case No. 17-22453) on March 28, 2017, estimating assets and
liabilities of less than $50,000.  The petitions were signed by
David Goldwasser, authorized signatory of GC Realty Advisors LLC,
manager.  

Judge Robert D. Drain is assigned to the case.


ELAN MEDICAL: May 18 Hearing on PCO Appointment Set
---------------------------------------------------
The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of California
entered an Order directing Elan Medical Corporation to appear on
May 18, 2017, and show cause why the appointment of a Patient Care
Ombudsman is not necessary. 

Pursuant to Section 333(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Court
will order, not later than 30 days after the commencement of the
case, the appointment of a patient care ombudsman unless the Court
finds that such appointment is not necessary for the protection of
the patients under the specific facts of the case.

Elan Medical Corporation filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. E.D.
Cal. Case Number 17-22713) on April 24, 2017.

The Debtor is represented by:

     Sarah M. Stuppi, Esq.
     1630 N Main St #332 
     Walnut Creek, CA 94596 
     Tel: (415) 786-4365


ELBARDI INTERNATIONAL: Taps Correa Business as Legal Counsel
------------------------------------------------------------
Elbardi International Plaza C LLC seeks approval from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court in Puerto Rico to hire legal counsel in connection
with its Chapter 11 case.

The Debtor proposes to hire Correa Business Consulting Group, LLC
to, among other things, give legal advice regarding its duties
under the Bankruptcy Code, and negotiate with creditors for the
purpose of arranging the liquidation of its assets or for proposing
a reorganization plan.

Luis Correa Gutierrez, Esq., the attorney designated to represent
the Debtor, will charge an hourly rate of $150.  Mr. Gutierrez
received a retainer of $4,000 from the Debtor prior to its
bankruptcy filing.

In a court filing, Mr. Gutierrez disclosed that he is a
"disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

Correa Business can be reached through:

     Luis Correa Gutierrez, Esq.
     Correa Business Consulting Group, LLC
     Ext. Roosevelt, 468 Calle Arrigoitia
     San Juan, PR 00918
     Tel: 787-373-1185/
     Fax: 787-724-0353
     Email: lcorrea@correalawoffice.com

               About Elbardi International Plaza

Elbardi International Plaza C LLC sought protection under Chapter
11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D.P.R. Case No. 17-01142) on
February 22, 2017.  The petition was signed by Jesus Urdaneta,
managing member.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets and
liabilities of less than $500,000.


ENERGY TRANSFER: Fitch Affirms BB Junior Subordinated Notes Rating
------------------------------------------------------------------
Fitch Ratings has downgraded the Long-Term Issuer Default Rating
(IDR) of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. and its operating
partnership, Sunoco Logistics Partners Operations L.P. (both
entities collectively referred to as SXL) to 'BBB-' from 'BBB'. The
senior unsecured rating for SXL has also been downgraded one notch
to 'BBB-'. At the same time, the Long-Term IDR and senior unsecured
ratings for Energy Transfer Partners, LP (ETP) has been affirmed at
'BBB-'. These actions follow the announcement that ETP unitholders
have voted to approve the merger with SXL.

Fitch has also affirmed the senior unsecured rating for Regency
Energy Partners, LP at 'BBB-'. The Long-Term IDR and senior
unsecured rating for Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co. (Panhandle)
has also been affirmed at 'BBB-' and junior subordinated notes at
'BB'.

The Rating Outlooks for all entities are Stable. Fitch has removed
SXL from Rating Watch Negative.

KEY RATING DRIVERS

The rating action follows the announcement that ETP unitholders
have voted to approve the merger with SXL. The transaction is
expected to close on April 28, 2017 and upon closing, SXL will
change its name to "Energy Transfer Partners, LP" and on May 1,
2017 is expected to begin to trade under the ticker "ETP". Energy
Transfer Equity LP (ETE; 'BB'/Stable Outlook), the general partner
and sponsor of the merged entity will also have a somewhat
simplified organizational structure. Management believes that the
combination will allow for more efficient capitalization of
commercial synergies and for cost reductions across the two
partnerships. Fitch generally agrees that the combination will
benefit from its significant size and scale and should be able to
operate assets as a single platform, which will allow for at least
some of the expected cost and operational synergies.

The ratings are reflective of the combined MLP's size, scale, and
geographic diversity, adequate liquidity, limited near term
maturities, and Fitch's expectations for improved credit metrics as
current projects come online and future growth spending and
distribution growth is rationalized. Combined SXL/ETP will pay
SXL's distribution rate, currently $0.52 per unit per quarter,
going forward resulting in significant savings of distributable
cash flow. The combined partnership will have the ability to use
this excess cash for growth capital funding which should help
decrease leverage at the combined entity more quickly than would
have been possible as separate standalone partnerships.

Large Diversified Asset Base: The combined entity has geographic
and business line diversity that provide a solid operating asset
base and a decent platform for growth within most of the major U.S.
production regions. It owns and operates roughly 62,500 miles of
natural gas, crude and natural gas liquids (NGL) pipelines, 65
processing plants, treating plants and fractionators, significant
compression, and large scale, underground liquid and natural gas
storage.

While commodity price exposure and counterparty risks are
relatively limited, some businesses are subject to both
counterparty and volumetric risks, namely the midstream business.
The midstream segment is focused on gathering, compression,
treating, blending, and processing. It is geographically located in
the Austin Chalk trend and Eagle Ford Shale in South and Southeast
Texas, the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico, the Barnett
Shale and Woodford Shale in North Texas, the Bossier Sands in East
Texas, the Marcellus Shale in West Virginia and Pennsylvania, and
the Haynesville Shale in East Texas and Louisiana. With low
commodity prices, production could be challenged in several of
these regions, but geographic diversity should help. The potential
effect on pipeline system utilization and related re-contracting
risk resulting from changing natural gas supply dynamics is a
longer term concern.

Relatively Stable, Consistent Cash Flows: As ETP has grown its
large asset base the percentage of gross margin supported by
fee-based contracts has gradually increased, with the partnership
moving from roughly 76% either fee based or hedged for 2015 (71%
fee/5% hedged) up to 90% in 2016, due in part to new projects
coming online with heavy fee-based components. Counterparty
exposure is significantly weighted toward investment grade names.
Fitch expects the combined entities going forward to maintain a
high level of fee-based or hedged cash flow in excess of 75%.

Supportive Sponsor: Fitch expects ETE to continue to be a
supportive sponsor of its major operating partnership. ETE has
committed to providing the partnership with incentive distribution
right waivers previously given to ETP totalling over $930 million
through 2019, which will help support liquidity needs at the
partnership. Fitch notes that even with this merger, there remains
four separate publicly traded entities within the ETE family (ETE,
ETP/SXL, PennTex Midstream Partners, LP [PTXP; NR], and Sunoco, LP
[SUN; 'BB-'/Rating Watch Positive]) and the potential for further
structural simplification. The combined SXL/ETP entity will still
have incentive distribution payments which increase the equity cost
of capital and can be prohibitive to growth spending. While these
payments are not expected to be overly burdensome for the combined
SXL/ETP in the near term, Fitch believes they could provide a
catalyst for further interfamily transactions.

High Leverage: Fitch expects 2017 leverage on a consolidated basis
of roughly 5.4x to 5.7x improving modestly to between 4.2x and 4.7x
annually through 2019 as projects are completed and come online.
With the combined entities capital spending is expected to remain
high over the next two years as ETP/SXL works through several large
scale projects including Rover Pipeline; Mariner East 2; Revolution
Pipeline system; and LoneStar Frac V which are all expected to be
in service by 2019.

Adequate Distribution Coverage: Fitch expects the combined entity
to have distribution coverage at or above 1.0x for 2017 and going
forward. Completion of projects on time and on budget, along with
SXL's lower per unit distribution should put the combined entities
is a position to grow distributions to unitholders that it would
not have been in with SXL and ETP remaining standalone entities.

KEY ASSUMPTIONS

Fitch's key assumptions within the rating case for the merged
entity include:

-- Growth spending consistent with management guidance.

-- Growth spending is high but declining in 2017-2019 versus
spending seen in 2016. Proceeds from debt and equity issuances used
to fund spending in a balanced manner. Growth projects completed on
time at an average 8.0x EBITDA multiple.

-- Flat distribution in 2017 with slight to moderate distribution
growth in outer years.

RATING SENSITIVITIES
Positive: Future developments that may, individually or
collectively, lead to a positive rating action include:

-- A material improvement in credit metrics with the combined
partnership's adjusted leverage below 4.0x on a consolidated basis
for a sustained period of time along with distribution coverage
above 1.0x.

Negative: Future developments that may, individually or
collectively, lead to a negative rating action include:

-- Weakening credit metrics with adjusted consolidated leverage
(debt/adjusted EBITDA) above 5.0x on a sustained basis (2018 and
beyond) would likely lead to a downgrade to 'BB+'. Fitch now
expects adjusted consolidated leverage for 2017 to be above 5.0x,
driven by high growth capital spending, but improve to below 5.0x
in 2018 and beyond as projects are completed. Material delays or
cost overruns on projects could lead to a negative ratings action;

-- Continued distribution coverage below 1.0x. Fitch expects 2017
distribution coverage to be above 1.0x following the merger,
sustained distribution coverage below 1.0x would lead to a negative
ratings action;

-- Increasing commodity exposure above 30% could lead to a
negative rating action if leverage were not appropriately decreased
to account for increased earnings and cash flow volatility.

LIQUIDITY

Liquidity Adequate: SXL and ETP have sufficient liquidity in the
near term with significant revolver availability being freed up
subsequent to yearend. The combined entities currently and in the
near term are expected to maintain separate credit facilities. SXL
has a $2.5 billion revolver due 2020 and a $1.0 billion 364-day
credit facility due December 2017 and ETP has a $3.75 billion
revolver due 2019. At the end of 2016, SXL had approximately $1.3
billion in borrowings outstanding on its revolver due 2020. In
December 2016, SXL entered into a $1.0 billion 364-day facility
with a total lending capacity of $1.0 billion, including a $630
million term loan. The 364-day credit facility is expected to be
terminated and repaid in connection with the completion of the ETP
and SXL merger. As of Dec. 31, 2016, the ETP credit facility had
$2.78 billion outstanding, and the amount available for future
borrowings was $813 million after taking into account letters of
credit of $160 million and commercial paper borrowings of $777
million.

Availability under both revolvers has been freed up since Dec. 31,
2016. In January 2017, ETP completed an offering of $1.5 billion in
senior unsecured notes and sold $568 million in equity to ETE.
Proceeds from both transactions went to refinance current
maturities, repay borrowings outstanding under ETP's revolving
credit facility and to fund growth capital expenditures.
Additionally, subsequent to year-end 2016, the sale of a portion of
the Bakken Pipeline project brought in $2.0 billion in cash to ETP
and SXL. In association with the sale, ETP received $1.2 billion in
cash and SXL $800 million. Proceeds from the sale were used to pay
down revolver borrowings at each partnership freeing up a
significant amount of availability under each revolver.

SXL's revolver and 364-day facility limit leverage (as defined by
the bank agreement) to 5.0x at the end of each quarter. With
certain acquisitions, leverage could temporarily increase to 5.5x.
The bank definition of EBITDA gives pro forma credit for
acquisitions and material projects. The definition of debt carves
out borrowings used for contango trades up to $500 million. As of
Dec. 31, 2016, bank defined leverage was 4.4x, leaving some cushion
for the bank covenant. SXL's future maturities are manageable and
the next bond maturity is $250 million due in 2020.

ETP's revolving credit facility contains a financial covenant that
provides that on each date ETP makes a distribution, the leverage
ratio, as defined in the credit agreement, shall not exceed 5x,
with a permitted increase to 5.5x during a specified acquisition
period, as defined in the credit agreement. ETP is currently in
compliance with this covenant. As per the covenant EBITDA
definition, ETP is permitted a material project adjustment which
adds back incremental EBITDA for projects currently under
construction. This gives ETP a fair amount of headroom with regard
to its leverage covenant. As of Dec. 31, 2016, bank defined
leverage was 4.3x.

FULL LIST OF RATING ACTIONS

Fitch has downgraded the following ratings:

Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.
-- Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) to 'BBB-' from 'BBB'.

Sunoco Logistics Partners Operations L.P.
-- Long-Term IDR to 'BBB-' from 'BBB';
-- Senior unsecured debt to 'BBB-' from 'BBB';
-- Senior unsecured bank facilities to 'BBB-' from 'BBB';
-- Short-Term IDR and Commercial paper (CP) to 'F3' from 'F2'.

Debt issued by Sunoco Logistics Partners Operations L.P. is
guaranteed by Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. The Outlook for both
entities is Stable.

Fitch has affirmed the following ratings:

Energy Transfer Partners, LP
-- Long-Term IDR at 'BBB-';
-- Senior unsecured rating at 'BBB-';
-- Short-Term IDR and CP at 'F3';
-- Junior subordinated notes at 'BB'.

Regency Energy Partners, LP
-- Senior unsecured rating at 'BBB-'.

Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co.
-- Long-Term IDR at 'BBB-';
-- Senior unsecured notes at 'BBB-';
-- Junior subordinated notes at 'BB'.

The Rating Outlook for the listed entities is Stable.



EQUIAN BUYER: Moody's Assigns B2 CFR; Outlook Stable
----------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service assigned ratings to Equian Buyer Corp.,
including a B2 Corporate Family Rating ("CFR"), a B2-PD Probability
of Default Rating, and B2 instrument ratings on the
healthcare-payment-integrity services provider's new $325 million
first-lien term loan and $30 million first-lien revolving credit
facilities. Proceeds from the term loan will be used to repay $291
million of existing, higher priced term loan debt, with the excess
used for fees and for $21 million of incremental balance sheet
cash. The rating outlook is stable.

Assignments:

Issuer: Equian Buyer Corp.

-- Probability of Default Rating, Assigned B2-PD

-- Corporate Family Rating, Assigned B2

-- Senior secured bank credit facilities, maturing 2022 and 2024, 
   Assigned B2, LGD3

-- Outlook, Assigned Stable

RATINGS RATIONALE

The B2 CFR takes into account Equian's high, approximately 5.3
times debt-to-EBITDA leverage (including Moody's standard
adjustments), small revenue scale, and, given the
acquisition-driven formation of the company in late 2015, its lack
of significant, consistent operating history. Equian's good free
cash flow, good profitability, as well as Moody's-expected steady,
mid-single-digit percentage revenue growth and profit expansion
will allow for moderate deleveraging. The rating reflects niche
strengths within the payment integrity continuum serving the
healthcare, property and casualty, and workers' compensation
industries. Moody's believes that the healthcare industry's
structure -- with favorable demographics, medical-inflation-driven
market growth, ever increasing complexity of the healthcare payment
ecosystem, and higher penetration of outsourced services -- partly
offsets Equian's company-specific structural deficiencies (such as
limited financial statements and the lack of an integrated
operating history) and risks posed by a likely continuation of the
company's active acquisition track record as it looks to build
scale and service capabilities. Moody's believes that Equian faces
formidable competition from larger, more diversified players who
offer true end-to-end services across the healthcare-payment-claims
lifecycle. Equian also faces elevated risks under private equity
ownership including the potential for debt-funded acquisitions and
shareholder distributions. Expected free cash flow represents
mid-single-digit-percentage of debt, good for the ratings
category.

Moody's views Equian's liquidity as good, as reflected in its
opening cash balance (after the proposed refinancing, which would
add $21 million to the company's existing cash balance) of about
$57 million, Moody's-expected free cash flow of about $20 million
in 2017, and an undrawn $30 million revolver. The cash sources
provide good coverage of the approximate $3 million of required
annual term loan amortization. Equian will also have good covenant
flexibility with no term loan financial maintenance covenants and a
springing maximum first lien net leverage ratio, based on the level
of revolver borrowings, that Moody's does not expect will be
triggered over the next 12 to 15 months absent meaningful
acquisitions.

The stable outlook reflects Moody's view that robust demand for
outsourced payment integrity services and Equian's recent, strong
customer retention levels will allow for steady, mid- to
upper-single-digit revenue growth and modest deleveraging, to below
5.0 times by the end of 2018. The ratings could face downward
pressure if revenue growth falls short of the steady, mid- to
high-single-digit percentages that Moody's anticipates, or if
Moody's expects debt-to-EBITDA leverage will be sustained above 6.0
times. Liquidity deterioration could also lead to a downgrade.
Moody's would consider a ratings upgrade if Equian builds
significant operating scale, while maintaining margins, and if
leverage is sustained below 4.0 times.

Equian Buyer Corp. and its subsidiaries ("Equian") provide
healthcare payment integrity ("PI") services to, primarily, claims
payors in the commercial healthcare and workers' compensation
insurance segments. Equian provides prepayment services and
subrogation and datamining/audit (postpayment) services to its
customers with a focus on ensuring that the correct financial party
is responsible and that claims are paid using appropriate codes,
quantities, and prices. Moody's expects the company to realize 2017
revenues of approximately $255 million, a nearly 10% increase over
pro-forma 2016 revenues. Private equity firm New Mountain Capital
owns Equian as the result of a late 2015 acquisition.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Business and
Consumer Service Industry published in October 2016.


ERWIN ENTERPRISES: Seeks to Hire Barron & Newburger as Counsel
--------------------------------------------------------------
Erwin Enterprises, LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Western District of Texas to hire legal counsel in
connection with its Chapter 11 case.

The Debtor proposes to hire Barron & Newburger P.C. to, among other
things, give legal advice regarding its duties under the Bankruptcy
Code, review claims, and assist in the preparation and
implementation of a bankruptcy plan.

Barbara Barron, Esq., and Stephen Sather, Esq., the attorneys
designated to represent the Debtor, will charge $495 per hour.  The
hourly rates for other attorneys who may work on the case range
from $175 to $475.  Support staff will charge $40 to $100 per
hour.

Barron received a retainer in the amount of $7,500, which was paid
by the Debtor's member Kenny Erwin.

Mr. Sather disclosed in a court filing that his firm is a
"disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Stephen W. Sather, Esq.
     Barron & Newburger P.C.
     7320 N. MoPac Expressway 
     Greystone II, Suite 400
     Austin, TX 78731
     Tel: (512) 476-9103
     Email: ssather@bn-lawyers.com

                   About Erwin Enterprises LLC

Erwin Enterprises, LLC sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. W.D. Tex. Case No. 17-10406) on April 7,
2017.  The petition was signed by Kenneth Erwin, managing member. 


At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets and
liabilities of less than $500,000.


ERWIN ENTERPRISES: Taps Robert Kruckemeyer as Special Counsel
-------------------------------------------------------------
Erwin Enterprises, LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Western District of Texas to hire a special counsel.

The Debtor proposes to hire Robert Kruckemeyer, Esq., to litigate
claims in an adversary case (Case No. 17-8005) pending in the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas.

Mr. Kruckemeyer will charge $375 per hour for his services.

In a court filing, Mr. Kruckemeyer disclosed that he is a
"disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

Mr. Kruckemeyer maintains an office at:

     Robert Kruckemeyer, Esq.
     919 Milam Street, Suite 1700
     Houston, TX 77002
     Tel: (713) 860-0547
     Email: bob@kruckemeyerlaw.com

                   About Erwin Enterprises LLC

Erwin Enterprises, LLC sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. W.D. Tex. Case No. 17-10406) on April 7,
2017.  The petition was signed by Kenneth Erwin, managing member. 


At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets and
liabilities of less than $500,000.


EXELA TECHNOLOGIES: Moody's Assigns B3 Corporate Family Rating
--------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service assigned Intermediate Co. LLC (dba Exela
Technologies, Inc.) a first time B3 Corporate Family Rating (CFR)
and B3-PD Probability of Default Rating (PDR) in connection with a
proposed reverse initial public offering (IPO) merger between
SourceHOV Holdings, Inc., Novitex Holdings, Inc. and Quinpario
Acquisitions Corp. 2, a publicly traded special purpose acquisition
company. Concurrently, Moody's assigned a B2 rating to Exela's
proposed $625 million first lien bank credit facility (including
$525 million term loan B and $100 million revolver), a B2 rating to
the company's proposed $525 million senior secured notes, and a
Caa2 rating to the company's proposed $300 million senior unsecured
notes. Moody's also assigned a Speculative Grade Liquidity rating
of SGL-3. The rating outlook is stable.

The merger of SourceHOV and Novitex with complementary businesses,
creates a stronger competitor in the business process outsourcing
(BPO) market with approximately $1.4 billion in combined pro forma
revenues in 2016. With technology-enabled services across multiple
industries, the merger creates opportunities for the company to
cross-sell services across the combined customer footprint and
realize cost savings through improved capacity utilization in data
centers and business process consolidation. Management has
identified approximately $70 million in cost synergies that the
company expects to realize within 24 months of closing.

Proceeds from the proposed debt financing along with new and
rollover equity will be used to refinance all of the existing debt
at SourceHOV and Novitex, and fund related fees and expenses
related to the merger. The transaction is subject to approval by
Quinpario's shareholders and a minimum $275 million new cash equity
investment needed to consummate the business combination. The cash
will fund transaction fees and expenses and an approximate $145
million reduction in debt relative to the amounts currently
outstanding at SourceHOV and Novitex. Quinpario has no operations.
At closing, the former holders of SourceHOV (HGM Group) will be the
largest shareholders while the former equity holders of Novitex
(Apollo), Quinpario's stockholders, Quinpario's founders, and other
investors will hold a minority stake. The current ratings of
SourceHOV (Caa1 negative) and Novitex (B3 stable) are not affected
and the ratings at those entities will be withdrawn upon closing of
transaction.

Moody's assigned the following ratings:

Issuer: Intermediate Co. LLC

-- Corporate Family Rating at B3

-- Probability of Default Rating at B3-PD

-- Proposed $100 million first lien senior secured revolving 
    credit facility due 2022 at B2 (LGD3)

-- Proposed $525 million first lien senior secured term loan B 
    due 2023 at B2 (LGD3)

-- Proposed $525 million first lien senior secured notes due 2023

    at B2 (LGD3)

-- Proposed $300 million senior unsecured notes due 2024 at Caa2 
    (LGD5)

-- Speculative Grade Liquidity Rating at SGL-3

-- Outlook at Stable

The assigned first-time ratings remain subject to Moody's review of
the final terms and conditions of the proposed financing and merger
transaction that is expected to close by June 2017.

RATINGS RATIONALE

Exela's B3 CFR reflects the company's high pro forma debt-to-EBITDA
leverage, estimated at 6.3 times (Moody's adjusted and excluding
future cost savings and synergies not yet implemented for the
combined company) at December 31, 2016 and elevated integration
risk associated with the combination of two businesses, SourceHOV
and Novitex, which are currently experiencing operating headwinds.
Revenue is also moderately exposed to economic downturns including
sensitivity to cyclical activities such as mortgage applications
and marketing communications. Deleveraging over the next 12-24
months is predicated on management's ability to successfully
integrate both companies and realize large cost savings and
synergies, while reversing the negative revenue trends. Although
leverage will be high for the rating on close of the transaction,
Moody's estimates that the company will be able to improve on this
measure over the next 12-18 months, with debt-to-EBITDA expected to
moderate towards the mid 5.0 times range by 2018 based on an
improved operating margin. However, these leverage projections
assume Exela achieves the majority of its planned synergies and
cost savings from the merger, while maintaining stable topline. The
company is also exposed to event risks under majority private
equity ownership including debt-funded acquisitions and shareholder
distributions.

Exela's rating is supported by the merged company's greater scale,
increased breadth of services and revenue diversity, as well as the
combined position as a global provider of information and
transaction processing solutions in the BPO market. With enhanced
global scale, Exela will be able to attract a larger customer base
and realize costs advantages and efficiencies while creating value
for its clients. The rating additionally considers Exela's
recurring revenue base driven by multi-year contracts and high
renewal rates, its asset-light operating model with highly variable
cost structure and adequate liquidity.

Exela's SGL-3 Speculative Grade Liquidity rating reflects Moody's
expectation that the company will have adequate liquidity over the
next 12-15 months. The company is expected to generate annual
positive cash flow of around $50-70 million and have full
availability under its new $100 million revolver (undrawn at
closing) over the next 12 months. Cash flow is nevertheless
sensitive to the timing of client project onboarding and the timing
and outlays related to cost saving initiatives. Exela's credit
facilities (revolver and term loan B) will include a first lien net
leverage ratio financial maintenance covenant that requires
covenant compliance tests every quarter. The financial covenant
will be set with a 30% cushion to EBITDA (not to exceeed 3.9 tmes).
Because credit agreement EBITDA consists of significant pro forma
cost and synergy estimates, an inability to fully translate such
savings into EBITDA would erode the covenant cushion.

The revolver, term loan and secured notes will be supported by
guarantees and asset pledges from all material domestic
subsidiaries. The revolver and term loan will also have a guarantee
from Intermediate Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company,
but this is not deemed material enough to warrant a rating
differential relative to the secured notes. Quinpario Acquisition
Corp. 2, the expected audited entity, will not guarantee the debt
instruments, but Moody's expects it will receive sufficient
information to monitor the activities of the borrowing group and
maintain ratings going forward.

The stable rating outlook reflects Moody's expectation that
management will successfully integrate both businesses and achieve
the bulk of planned cost savings and synergy benefits in a timely
manner, which will be the principal driver of anticipated
deleveraging and free cash flow growth over the next 12-18 months.
Moody's anticipates flat sales, synergy-driven margin expansion,
and credit metric improvement with debt-to-EBITDA leverage trending
to around 5.5 times within 18 months of closing.

The ratings could be downgraded if Exela cannot translate planned
cost savings and synergy benefits into higher EBITDA, revenue
declines, or if the company fails to generate meaningful free cash
flow. The ratings could also be downgraded if debt-to-EBITDA
(Moody's adjusted) approaches 7.0 times or liquidity deteriorates.

Although not expected in the near term given integration risk,
Moody's would consider an upgrade if Exela is able to demonstrate
sustained organic growth and margin expansion, while maintaining
good liquidity with balanced financial policies. Quantitatively,
the ratings could be upgraded if Moody's believes that the company
will maintain debt-to-EBITDA (Moody's adjusted) below 5.5 times and
free cash flow to total debt in a mid-to-high single digit
percentage range.

Intermediate Co. LLC is a global provider of information and
transaction processing solutions to document and
information-intensive end markets, such as financial services and
healthcare. The company will operate in three segments: Information
and Transaction Processing Solutions -- 76% of 2016 pro forma
revenue, Healthcare Solutions -- 17% of 2016 pro forma revenue, and
Legal & Loss Prevention Services -- 7% of 2016 pro forma revenue.
Exela is being formed through the combination of operating
companies SourceHOV LLC and Novitex Enterprise Solutions into
special purpose acquisition company Quinpario Acquisitions Corp. 2,
and is expected to be a publicly traded company on Nasdaq under the
symbol. HandsOn Global Management and Apollo Global Management will
be the majority shareholders of the combined company.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Business and
Consumer Service Industry published in October 2016. 



FAUSER ENERGY: Seeks Authorization on Cash Collateral Use
---------------------------------------------------------
Fauser Oil Co., Inc., Fauser Transport, Inc., Ron's L.P. Gas
Service, LLC, and Fauser Energy Resources, Inc., ask the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Iowa for interim
authorization to use prepetition collateral, including cash
collateral.

Fauser Oil and Fauser Energy are indebted to Flint Hills Resources
in the approximate amount of $983,000 as of the Petition Date,
subject to adjustment for mutual credits for taxes paid and other
adjustments made to claims in the ordinary course of the petroleum
fuel business, and further subject to the Court entering a final
order determining the allowed claim of Flint Hills.

The Debtors contend that the Flint Hills lien is a species of a
purchase money lien in that it claims a lien in the products it
sold to Fauser Energy and any proceeds thereof.  However, Fauser
Oil and Fauser Energy believe that no product existed on April 4,
2017 to which the lien could attach.  Fauser Oil and Fauser Energy
estimate that about $125,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the
Flint Hills' products remained in the relevant bank account on the
day Flint Hills perfected its lien. 

While Fauser Oil and Fauser Energy do not immediately require the
use of the Flint Hills Cash Collateral, but they will need to use
cash assets that may be commingled with the Flint Hills Cash
Collateral to operate in the ordinary course.  Accordingly, Fauser
Oil and Fauser Energy propose an interim arrangement until the
extent, validity and amount of the Flint Hills secured claim, if
any, is determined -- to create a new separately identified bank
account, and to deposit into it the sum of $130,000, with this
amount being earmarked as the adequate protection for traceable
proceeds and interim cash collateral of the sale of Flint Hills'
product as those proceeds existed on April 4, 2017. 

Fauser Oil and Fauser Energy are also indebted to Iowa Department
of Revenue in the estimated amount of $1,650,000 as of the Petition
Date.  Such amount is subject to adjustment as a result of Fauser
Oil's and Fauser Energy's timely filing of tax returns with IDOR
that define the actual amount of Fauser Oil's and Fauser Energy's
assertion of IDOR’s allowed tax claim in this case, and further
subject to the Court entering a final order determining the allowed
claim of IDOR.

IDOR, on April 13, 2017, issued levies and froze the bank accounts
of one or more of Fauser Oil, claiming jeopardy in collecting fuel
taxes that were not yet past due, or in some instances, not due at
all. The amount of the levy was $1,194,991. 

The Debtors contend that IDOR levy caught about $478,000 in the
bank accounts it froze. Fauser Oil and Fauser Energy do not concede
that the levy and any amounts frozen in bank accounts under the
levy constitute a valid and enforceable lien in favor of IDOR. 

Although Fauser Oil and Fauser Energy do not immediately require
the use of the IDOR Cash Collateral, but they will need to use cash
assets in those bank accounts that may be co-mingled with the IDOR
Cash Collateral to operate in the ordinary course.

Consequently, Fauser Oil and Fauser Energy propose, as an interim
arrangement until the extent, validity and amount of the IDOR levy
claims, if any, are determined -- to create a new separately
identified bank account and to deposit the sum of $480,000, with
this amount being earmarked as the adequate protection for the
maximum amount of the levy and interim cash collateral of IDOR as
of the Petition Date.

A full-text copy of the Debtors' Motion, dated April 24, 2017, is
available at https://is.gd/Brbr2Z 

The Debtors are represented by:

            James D. Sweet, Esq. 
            Rebecca R. DeMarb, Esq.
            Sweet DeMarb LLC
            One North Pinckney Street, Suite 300
            Madison, WI 53703
            Phone: (608) 310-5500
            Fax: (608) 310-5525

                 -- and --

            Yara El-Farhan Halloush, Esq.
            HALLOUSH LAW OFFICE, P.C.
            1930 Saint Andrews Court NE
            Cedar Rapids, IA 52402
            Telephone: (319) 560-9430
            E-mail: yelfarhan1@hotmail.com

                About Fauser Energy Resources

Elgin, Iowa-based Fauser Energy Resources, Inc. --
http://www.fauserenergy.com/-- supplies and delivers propane and 
fuel products to residential and commercial customers throughout
the Midwest.

Fauser Energy Resources and its affiliates Fauser Oil Co., Inc.,
Fauser Transport, Inc., and Ron's L.P. Gas Service, LLC, filed
Chapter 11 petitions (Bankr. N.D. Iowa Case Nos. 17-00463,
17-00466, 17-00464 and 17-00467, respectively) on April 24, 2017. 
On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed a motion for joint
administration of their chapter 11 cases.

Sweet DeMarb LLC is serving as counsel to the Debtors, with the
engagement led by James D. Sweet, Esq. and Rebecca R. DeMarb, Esq. 
Yara El-Farhan Halloush, Esq. of Halloush Law Office, P.C., is the
Debtors' local co-counsel.


FIRST NBC BANK: FDIC as Receiver; Whitney Bank Assumes Deposits
---------------------------------------------------------------
First NBC Bank, New Orleans, was closed April 28, 2017, by the
Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions, which appointed the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. To
protect the depositors, the FDIC entered into a purchase and
assumption agreement with Whitney Bank, Gulfport, Mississippi. No
depositor is losing money as a result of this transaction.

At the time of closing, the receiver immediately transferred all
transactional deposit accounts—checking, savings, NOW, and money
market—of First NBC Bank to Whitney Bank. Whitney Bank also
assumed certificates of deposit (CDs) securing loans. The FDIC will
mail checks for time deposit accounts, including all other CDs,
individual retirement accounts (IRAs), and brokered deposits,
directly to account holders on Monday, May 1. Checks will reflect
accrued interest.

Customers with savings accounts, checking accounts, and money
market deposit accounts will have access to their funds as usual.
Banking activities, such as direct deposit, check writing, and ATM
and debit card use, will continue as normal. Checks drawn on the
bank will continue to be processed. Loan customers should continue
to make their payments as usual.

Whitney Bank will reopen all 29 branches of First NBC Bank for
normal business hours as Whitney Bank in Louisiana (24 branches)
and as Hancock Bank In Florida (five branches). Depositors with
transactional accounts of First NBC Bank will automatically become
depositors of Whitney Bank. Deposits will continue to be insured by
the FDIC, so there is no need for customers to change their banking
relationship to retain their deposit insurance coverage up to
applicable limits. Customers of First NBC Bank should continue to
use their existing branch until they receive notice from Whitney
Bank that it has completed systems changes to allow other Whitney
Bank branches to process their accounts as well.

As of December 31, 2016, First NBC Bank had approximately $4.74
billion in total assets and $3.54 billion in total deposits. As of
early April, the FDIC estimates $1.6 billion were in transactional
deposit accounts. Whitney Bank paid a $35 million premium for the
deposits it assumed. Earlier this year, First NBC Bank sold assets
and deposits, including nine branches, to Whitney Bank.

In addition to assuming the transactional deposit accounts of the
failed bank, Whitney Bank agreed to purchase approximately $1
billion of the failed bank's assets. 
The FDIC will retain the remaining assets for later disposition.

Customers with questions about the transaction should call the FDIC
toll-free at 1-800-913-3062. The phone number will be operational
this evening until 9 p.m., Central Time (CT); on Saturday from 9
a.m. to 6 p.m., CT; on Sunday from noon to 6 p.m., CT; on Monday
from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., CT; and thereafter from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.,
CT. Interested parties also can visit the FDIC's website at
https://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/firstnbc.html

At the time of closing, the FDIC estimates that the cost to the
Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) will be $996.9 million. Compared to
other alternatives, Whitney Bank's acquisition was the least costly
resolution for the FDIC's DIF. First NBC Bank is the fourth
FDIC-insured institution to fail in the nation this year, and the
first in Louisiana. The last FDIC-insured institution closed in the
state was Central Progressive Bank, Lacombe, on November 18, 2011.

Congress created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1933
to restore public confidence in the nation's banking system. The
FDIC insures deposits at the nation's banks and savings
associations, 5,913 as of December 31, 2016. It promotes the safety
and soundness of these institutions by identifying, monitoring and
addressing risks to which they are exposed. The FDIC receives no
federal tax dollars -- insured financial institutions fund its
operations.


FLORIDA ORGANIC: Taps Markarian Frank as Legal Counsel
------------------------------------------------------
Florida Organic Aquaculture, LLC seeks approval from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida to hire legal
counsel in connection with its Chapter 11 case.

The Debtor proposes to hire Markarian Frank & Hayes to, among other
things, give legal advice regarding its duties under the Bankruptcy
Code and negotiate with creditors in the preparation of a
bankruptcy plan. 

The firm received a retainer in the amount of $21,717, of which
$1,717 was used to pay the filing fee and $5,000 for its
pre-bankruptcy legal services.  

Malinda Hayes, Esq., the attorney designated to represent the
Debtor, disclosed in a court filing that she and her firm do not
represent any interest adverse to the Debtor or its bankruptcy
estate.

The firm can be reached through:

     Malinda L. Hayes, Esq.
     Markarian Frank & Hayes
     2925 PGA Blvd., Suite #204
     Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410
     Tel: 561-626-4700
     Fax: 561-627-9479
     Email: malinda@businessmindedlawfirm.com

               About Florida Organic Aquaculture

Based in Jupiter, Florida, Florida Organic Aquaculture, LLC is
engaged in shrimp cultivation using energy-efficient and
sustainable aquaculture techniques.  Florida Organic Aquaculture
sought protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr.
S.D. Fla. Case No. 17-15012) on April 24, 2017.  The petition was
signed by Clifford Morris, managing member.  

The case is assigned to Judge Erik P. Kimball.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
debts at $10 million to $50 million.


FRANZEN INTERNATIONAL: Horizon Bank Tries to Block Disclosures OK
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Horizon Bank, SSB, filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Western District of Texas an objection to Franzen International,
LLC's disclosure statement dated March 6, 2017, referring to the
Debtor's plan of reorganization.

The Bank, which filed its proof of claim for the amount of
$573,791.29 on Nov. 7, 2016, complains that the Disclosure
Statement does not disclose: (i) the debt of All American
Excavation, Inc., to the Bank which the Bank claims the Debtor has
guaranteed; and (ii) the security interest that the Bank claims in
the Debtor's equipment.  Whether or not Debtor agrees with the
claims asserted by the Bank, the existence of the asserted claims
by the Bank, the fact that Debtor will have to litigate these
claims, the possibility that Bank may prevail on these claims, and
Debtor's treatment of these claims in the Plan if the Bank does
prevail should all be disclosed.

The Disclosure Statement, the Bank says, does not contain adequate
information because of the failure to disclose the claims of the
Bank and to address how such claims would be treated under the Plan
should the Bank prevail on its claims.  The omission of the Bank's
claims in the Disclosure Statement and Plan is material and could
severely impact the viability of Debtor's Plan, and without the
inclusion of these claims, the Bank and other creditors will not be
able to determine the feasibility of the Plan.

The Objection is available at:

           http://bankrupt.com/misc/txwb16-51583-79.pdf

As reported by the Troubled Company Reporter on March 20, 2017, the
Debtor filed with the Court a disclosure statement dated March 6,
2017, referring to the Debtor's plan of reorganization.  The
Reorganized Debtor will pay $40,000 annually, increasing to $50,000
in 2021, pro rata to holders of Class 11 General Unsecured Claims,
which will be paid in annual installments commencing on Dec. 31,
2017, and continuing on the same date of each successive year until
allowed Class 11 Claims are paid in full with interest at 5% simple
interest.

The Bank is represented by:

     C. Daniel Roberts, Esq. 
     C. DANIEL ROBERTS & ASSOCIATES, P.C.
     1602 E. Cesar Chavez
     Austin, Texas 78702
     Tel: (512) 494-8448
     Fax: (512) 494-8712
     E-mail: droberts@cdrlaw.net

                  About Franzen International

Franzen International, LLC, based in New Braunfels, Texas, was
formed in June 2007.  At its inception, the Debtor was a site work,
excavation, utility and land development contractor focused on
commercial property development.  As oil and gas exploration
exploded in the Eagle Ford Shale, Franzen expanded to service the
burgeoning market for oil field site work.  By 2011, fifty percent
of Franzen's billings were for oil field site work.

The Debtor filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. W.D. Tex. Case No.
16-51583) on July 13, 2016.  The Hon. Craig A. Gargotta presides
over the case.  Raymond W. Battaglia, Esq., at Law Offices of Ray
Battaglia, PLLC, as bankruptcy counsel.

In its petition, the Debtor estimated $1 million to $10 million in
both assets and liabilities.  The petition was signed by Travis
Franzen, managing member.


FUSE LLC: Moody's Cuts CFR to Caa1 Amid Drop in Subscriber Base
---------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service downgraded the corporate family rating
("CFR") for Fuse, LLC to Caa1 from B3 due to weak performance of
the company's original productions and subscriber attrition.
Moody's also downgraded the Probability of Default Rating (PDR) to
Caa1-PD from B3-PD and downgraded the ratings for senior secured
bonds due 2019 to Caa1 from B3. The outlook is stable.

The following rating actions were taken:

Downgrades:

-- Issuer: Fuse, LLC

-- Corporate Family Rating, Downgraded to Caa1 from B3

-- Probability of Default Rating, Downgraded to Caa1-PD from B3-
    PD

Senior Secured Notes due 2019, Downgraded to Caa1 (LGD3) from B3
(LGD3)

Outlook Action:

Issuer: Fuse, LLC

-- Outlook is Stable

RATINGS RATIONALE

Fuse, LLC's Caa1 ratings reflect the company's high leverage, weak
performance of its original productions, attrition in subscriber
base and continued negative free cash flow. Moody's expects
negative free cashflow over the next 12-18 months to continue, as
Fuse continues to re-align its programming line-up under a new
Chief Content Officer. The company's revenue base is supported by
the carriage agreements with its distribution partners, with
built-in inflation-based escalators, while a portion of revenue
continues to rely on economically volatile advertising sales. The
company rebranded its networks in September 2015 and launched
several new original shows, however, due to weaker than expected
ratings, only two shows will be returning in the 2017 season.
Leverage remains high over 7x total debt / cash EBITDA
(incorporating Moody's standard adjustments) and is expected to
decline only slightly over the course of 2017, as incremental
programming spend may be reduced from previous levels, while
incremental revenue from carriage contract escalators may provide
for additional incremental EBITDA contribution. However, if
subscriber attrition continues, the company may not be able to get
its expected advertising revenue, and weak viewer ratings may cause
pressure in renewing its carriage contracts at the same levels upon
their expiration in 2019-2020. Other factors impacting the credit
rating are the company's relatively small size of $121 million in
revenues and its minimal revolver of $10 million (undrawn,
unrated), providing for little external liquidity. Moody's views
the company's liquidity as somewhat limited, as Moody's expects its
leverage to be at or above the declining financial covenant
triggers over the next 12-18 months, likely with limited ability to
borrow on the small revolver.

Fuse provides English language content targeted at young Latinos
and multi-cultural population of the United States, and Moody's
believes growth in this population, currently underserved by
mainstream English language television, positions the company well
for potentially improving cash flow from both pay television
distributors and advertisers. However, these same factors draw
other competitors as well. Fuse faces significant competition for
viewers, for channel placement and carriage fees from pay
television distributors, and for advertising dollars, in many cases
from much larger companies with far more financial flexibility to
invest in content. The contractual stream of revenue from affiliate
partners (estimated at about 70% of total revenue) lends some
near-term stability and creates revenue visibility over the next
few years, as majority of the contracts have been renewed through
2019 or later at same or better terms, in some cases adding
incremental network carriage onto its contracts with distribution
partners.

Despite some of the favorable factors listed above, high leverage
and negative free cash flows suggest that the company is
under-capitalized. Moody's forecasts leverage to decline slightly
to low 7x debt/cash EBITDA through 2017, with negative free cash
flow generation over the course of the year as programming
investments continue, with uncertain performance expectations of
Fuse original shows. Moody's adjusts EBITDA to incorporate
programming expenses on a cash basis. The company thus far has
managed its liquidity position via internally generated cash, and
has not had a need to rely on its $10mm revolver.

The stable outlook incorporates limited improvement to the
company's program line-up and with some expected deterioration of
the liquidity position amidst programming line-up recalibration.
Moody's expects negative free cash flow to continue over the next
12-18 months, with leverage declining slightly due to tight cost
controls and built-in carriage fee escalators.

Given the weak operating performance and the continued negative
free cash flow expectation, an upgrade is unlikely over the next
few years. Moody's would consider a positive action with evidence
of meaningful EBITDA growth, traction with affiliates and
advertisers, and confidence that the company will be able to
refinance its debt when it comes due in 2019. An upgrade would also
require expectations for adequate liquidity and sustainable
positive free cash flow.

Substantial deterioration of the liquidity, as well as increasingly
negative free cash flow, along with inability to comply with
revolver covenants likely would likely warrant a negative ratings
action. Evidence of lack of traction with advertisers or
distributors such that Moody's expects the company to receive
affiliate fees at a lower rate or for a smaller number of pay
television subscribers could also have negative ratings
implications.

Fuse, LLC does business as Fuse and FM networks and provides a
mixture of original and acquired English language entertainment,
music and lifestyle content targeted at Latinos. Fuse reaches
approximately 66 million Nielsen homes, while FM reaches
approximately 38 million Nielsen homes through distribution
partners including AT&T U-verse, Comcast, Cox, Dish Network, Direct
TV, Charter, Spectrum, Cablevision and Verizon FIOS. The company's
original content is also available via digital platforms such as
Hulu, Youtube, its own website and distributor on-demand offerings.
The principal financial shareholders in Fuse, LLC are Columbia
Capital and Rho Capital Partners. The company maintains
headquarters in Los Angeles, California.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Global
Broadcast and Advertising Related Industries published in February
2017. 



GALLANT CAPITAL: Seeks to Hire Shipkevich as Legal Counsel
----------------------------------------------------------
Gallant Capital Markets seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Eastern District of New York to hire Shipkevich
PLLC.

The firm will advise the Debtor regarding its duties under the
Bankruptcy Code, assist in financial transactions, prepare a
bankruptcy plan, and provide other legal services related to its
Chapter 11 case.

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     Partners/Of Counsel     $500
     Junior Associates       $350
     Paraprofessionals       $100

In a court filing, Irene Costello, Esq., managing partner at
Shipkevich, disclosed that she and her firm are "disinterested" as
defined in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Irene Costello, Esq.
     Shipkevich PLLC 
     65 Broadway, Suite 508
     New York, NY 10006-2538
     Email: icostello@shipkevich.com

                  About Gallant Capital Markets

Gallant Capital Markets is a foreign exchange broker incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands.  Gallant Capital sought protection
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. E.D.N.Y. Case No.
17-41814) on April 14, 2017.  The petition was signed by Salvatore
Bucellato, CEO.  Judge Elizabeth S. Stong is the case judge.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets and
liabilities at $1 million to $10 million.

No trustee, examiner or committee has been appointed in the
Debtor's case.


GARDEN OF EDEN: Exclusive Plan Filing Deadline Extended to June 26
------------------------------------------------------------------
Judge James L. Garrity, Jr. of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of New York extended the exclusive period during
which only Garden of Eden Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliated
Debtors may file a Plan of reorganization, and solicit acceptances
to that Plan, to and including June 26, 2017 and August 24, 2017.

The Troubled Company Reporter reported that the Debtors  needed
additional time to evaluate a possible closure of one of their
store locations and the effects of moving forward and formulating a
plan of reorganization with their remaining locations. The Debtors,
in consultation with the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors,
had been in the process of making a determination as to whether or
not to close one of its store locations. As such, the Debtors
averred that an extension will enable them to evaluate their
businesses and formulate and negotiate a plan of reorganization
with its secured creditors and the Committee. 

               About Garden of Eden Enterprises

Garden of Eden Enterprises, Inc., Broadway Specialty Food, Inc.,
Coskun Brothers Specialty, and Garden of Eden Gourmet Inc. filed
chapter 11 petitions (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. Case Nos. 16-12488, 16-12490,
16-12491, 16-12492, respectively) on Aug. 29, 2016.  The petitions
were signed by Mustafa Coskun, president.  The cases are assigned
to Judge James L. Garrity Jr.

Doing business as Garden of Eden, the Debtors operate three upscale
full-service specialty-food retail stores at leased premises in New
York.  The Debtor Garden of Eden Enterprises is the parent
operating company of the Debtors, and maintains its place of
business at 720 Anderson Avenue, Cliffside Park, New Jersey 07010.

Clifford A. Katz, Esq., and Scott K. Levine, Esq., of Platzer,
Swergold, Levine, Goldberg, Katz & Jaslow, LLP, serve as counsel to
the Debtors.

At the time of filing, the Debtors disclosed $8.05 million in
assets and $8.29 million in liabilities.  A list of the Debtors' 20
largest unsecured creditors is available for free at:

           http://bankrupt.com/misc/nysb16-12488.pdf      

U.S. Trustee William K. Harrington on Sept. 15, 2016, appointed
three creditors to serve on the official committee of unsecured
creditors of Garden of Eden Enterprises, Inc., et al.  The Official
Committee retained Sullivan & Worcester LLP as counsel, effective
October 6, 2016.


GARRETSON TILE: Hires J. Goeffrey Sturgill, Jr. as Accountant
-------------------------------------------------------------
Garretson Tile Company, Inc., seeks authorization from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania to employ
J. Goeffrey Sturgill, Jr., CPA, PC as accountant for the
Debtor-in-possession.

The Debtor requires JGS to:

     a. file necessary tax returns, tax reports, lend any
assistance needed by the Debtor-in-Possession; and

     b. assist and prepare the returns and reports required by the
Court and the Office of the United States Trustee.

JGS accountants who will work on the Debtor's case and their hourly
rates are:

     J. Goeffrey Sturgill, Jr., CPA, Principal        $250
     Cheyenne Gulden, Senior Accountant               $125
     Stacie Hagerman, Administrative                  $60

J. Goeffrey Sturgill, Jr., CPA, principal at J. Goeffrey Sturgill,
Jr., CPA, PC, assured the Court that the firm is a "disinterested
person" as the term is defined in Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy
Code and does not represent any interest adverse to the Debtor and
its estates.

JGS may be reached at:

      J. Goeffrey Sturgill, Jr., CPA
      J. Goeffrey Sturgill, Jr., CPA, PC
      139 Baltimore Street
      Gettysburg, PA 17325
      Phone: 717-334-6728

                About Garretson Tile Company

Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Garretson Tile Company, Inc. sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. M. D.
Pa. Case No. 17-01051) on March 19, 2017.  The petition was signed
by Gregory A. King, president.  The case is assigned to Judge
Robert N. Opel II.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor disclosed $1.65 million in
assets and $2.26 million in liabilities.


GENERAL WIRELESS: Committee Taps Berkeley as Financial Advisor
--------------------------------------------------------------
The official committee of unsecured creditors of General Wireless
Operations Inc. seeks court approval to hire a financial advisor.

In a filing with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Delaware, the committee proposes to hire Berkeley Research
Group LLC to, among other things, 

     (a) monitor the "going out of business" process;

     (b) review offers received, if any, for assets of General 
         Wireless and its affiliates;

     (c) develop a periodic monitoring report to enable the 
         committee to evaluate the Debtors' liquidity and wind-
         down activities on an ongoing basis;

     (d) assist the committee with respect to any use of cash 
         collateral arrangements negotiated;

     (e) assist the committee in its analysis and monitoring of 
         the Debtors' and non-debtor affiliates' financial 
         affairs;

     (f) prepare valuation analyses of the Debtors' businesses and

         assets;

     (g) evaluate the Debtors' intangible asset portfolio and 
         develop strategies to maximize returns;

     (h) assist the committee in reviewing and evaluating any 
         court filing;

     (i) attend committee meetings and court hearings as may be 
         required;

     (j) assist the committee in identifying and reviewing any 
         preference payments, fraudulent conveyances, and other 
         potential causes of action that the Debtors' estates may 
         hold against insiders or third parties;

     (k) analyze intercompany or related party transactions;

     (l) develop strategies to maximize recoveries from the 
         Debtors' assets and assist the committee with such 
         strategies;

     (m) review and provide analysis of any bankruptcy plan and    
     
         disclosure statement relating to the Debtors;

     (n) monitor the Debtors' claims management process, analyze 
         claims, analyze guarantees, and summarize claims by 
         entity;

     (o) monitor wind-down of both the Debtors and non-debtor 
         entities;

     (p) render other general business consulting or assistance as

         the committee or its counsel may deem necessary; and

     (q) provide other potential services, including expert 
         testimony and forensic work. 

The firm's standard hourly rates range from $650 to $980 for
managing directors; $480 to $705 for directors; $260 to $475 for
professional staff; and $120 to $425 for support staff.

The BRG professionals expected to provide the services and their
standard hourly rates are: 

     David Galfus         $980 
     Robert Duffy         $975 
     Steven Coulombe      $975 
     Mark Renzi           $895 
     Andrew Nolan         $615
     Jonathan Emerson     $475

David Galfus, managing director of Berkeley, disclosed in a court
filing that his firm is a "disinterested person" as defined in
section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     David Galfus
     Berkeley Research Group LLC
     250 Pehle Avenue, Suite 301 
     Saddle Brook, NJ 07663
     Phone: 201.587.7100
     Fax: 201.587.7102
     Email: eordway@thinkbrg.com

                About General Wireless Operations

Based in Fort Worth, Texas, General Wireless Operations Inc.,
doing business as RadioShack -- http://www.RadioShack.com/--   
operates a chain of electronics stores.  Its predecessor,
RadioShack Corp., then with 4,000 locations, sought Chapter 11
protection (Bankr. D. Del. Case No. 15-10197) in February 2015 and
announced plans to close underperforming stores.  

In March 2015, General Wireless, a Standard General affiliate, won
court approval to purchase RadioShack Corp.'s assets, gaining
ownership of around 1,700 RadioShack locations.  Two years later,
General Wireless commenced its own bankruptcy case, announcing
plans to close 200 of 1,300 remaining stores.

General Wireless Operations Inc., and its affiliates based in Fort
Worth, Texas, filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. D. Del. Lead
Case No. 17-10506) on March 8, 2017.  In its petition, General
Wireless estimated $100 million to $500 million in both assets and
liabilities.  Bradford Tobin, SVP and general counsel, signed the
petitions.

The Debtors tapped Pepper Hamilton LLP as legal counsel; Loughlin
Management Partners & Company, Inc. as financial advisor; and
Prime Clerk, LLC, as claims and noticing agent.

On March 17, 2017, the Office of the U.S. Trustee appointed an
official committee of unsecured creditors.  The committee selected
Kelley Drye & Warren LLP as its lead counsel, and Klehr Harrison
Harvey Branzburg LLP as its local counsel.


GENTLEPRO HOME: Wants Authorization to Use IRS Cash Collateral
--------------------------------------------------------------
Gentlepro Home Health Care, Inc., asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Northern District of Illinois for authorization to use the
cash collateral in which the Internal Revenue Service has an
interest.

The Debtor provides home health care services, including nursing
and rehabilitation therapy to individuals throughout the
Chicagoland area.  The proposed monthly budget reflects total
estimated expenses of $73,580. 

The Debtor owes certain sums of money to the IRS, portions of which
are secured by a federal tax lien.  As of the Petition Date,
according to the proof of claim filed by the IRS, there remains due
and owing from the Debtor to the IRS the total secured amount of
$86,352.  The IRS asserts a perfected lien on substantially all of
the Debtor's prepetition assets, including but not limited to, cash
on hand, inventory, equipment, accounts receivable, and general
intangibles, together with the proceeds thereof.

The Debtor tells the Court that it does not have sufficient
available working capital to finance its ongoing postpetition
business operations.  Accordingly, the Debtor believes that use of
its cash collateral will allow it to operate as a going concern,
and thus, maximize the value of the estate for all creditors.  On
the contrary, the Debtor claims that it could not continue to
operate its business, and will incur immediate and irreparable harm
to its estate in the absence of immediate authorization of the use
of cash collateral.  

Accordingly, the Debtor proposes to: 

     (1) make monthly adequate protection payments to the IRS; 

     (2) grant the IRS with replacement lien on all of the Debtor's
assets; and 

     (3) grant the IRS an administrative expense claim pursuant to
Section 507(b) of the Code.

A hearing on the Debtor's Motion for interim and final orders
authorizing the use of cash collateral will be held on May 2, 2017
at 9:30 a.m.

A full-text copy of the Debtor's Motion, dated April 24, 2017, is
available at https://is.gd/jB3Sxh 

A copy of the Debtor's Budget is available at https://is.gd/j2uG1Q


               About Gentlepro Home Health Care

Gentlepro Home Health Care, Inc., filed a Chapter 11 petition
(Bankr. N.D. Ill. Case No. 17-11377) on April 11, 2017.  Edith
Querubin, president, signed the petition.  The case is assigned to
Judge Janet S. Baer.  The Debtor is represented by Joshua D.
Greene, Esq. at the firm of Springer Brown, LLC.  At the time of
filing, the Debtor estimated $50,000 to $100,000 in assets and
$100,000 to $500,000 in liabilities.


GOING VENTURES: Seeks to Hire Eagle Point as Accountant
-------------------------------------------------------
Going Ventures, LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Southern District of Florida to hire an accountant.

The Debtor proposes to hire Eagle Point Accounting to, among other
things, prepare or review tax returns, construct its books and
records, prepare monthly operating reports and provide other
tax-related services.

The hourly rates charged by the firm range from $100 to $150.

Gary Mosley, an accountant and principal of Eagle Point, disclosed
in a court filing that he and his firm do not hold or represent any
interest adverse to the Debtor's bankruptcy estate.

The firm can be reached through:

     Gary Mosley
     Eagle Point Accounting
     810 Jackson Street
     Locust Grove, GA 30248
     Phone: 678-583-9706
     Fax: 470-878-6400

                    About Going Ventures LLC

Going Ventures LLC, which operates under the name Going Aire LLC,
filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. S.D. Fla. Case No. 17-12747) on
March 7, 2017.  Carl Bradley Copeland, manager, signed the
petition.  Judge Laurel M. Isicoff is the case judge.  The Debtor
is represented by David R. Softness, Esq. of David R. Softness,
P.A.  At the time of filing, the Debtor had total assets of $72,900
and total liabilities of $1.01 million.  No trustee, examiner or
statutory committee has been appointed in the Debtor's Chapter 11
case.


GOODMAN NETWORKS: Wants Plan Confirmation Hearing Moved to May 2
----------------------------------------------------------------
BankruptcyData.com reported that Goodman Networks filed with the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court an emergency motion adjourning the hearing to
consider confirmation of the Debtors' chapter 11 plan and approval
of related disclosure statement.  The motion explains, "The Debtors
now seek to continue the Confirmation Hearing to May 2, 2017.  As
previously disclosed in various filings (including the Disclosure
Statement and the Debtors' voluntary petitions) and discussed at
the March 29 hearing in these cases, the State of Texas has
asserted a tax claim against Goodman Networks Incorporated in
excess of $34 million (the 'Disputed Tax Liability'). The Debtors
have disputed the Disputed Texas Tax Liability, and have asserted
that all or a portion of the claim, to the extent it is valid and
enforceable, is reimbursable by AT&T. The Debtors, in consultation
with the Consenting Noteholders, the Consenting Equityholders, and
AT&T, have determined that, rather than going forward with
confirmation on April 20, 2017, it would be in the parties' best
interests to adjourn the Confirmation Hearing. This additional time
will allow parties to continue discussions regarding a mutually
acceptable resolution of the Disputed Texas Tax Liability or reach
an agreement on the waiver of the condition precedent to the Plan. 
In advance of filing this motion, the Debtors also consulted with
the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts, which does not object to
the requested adjournment." The Court scheduled an April 20, 2017
hearing on the emergency motion.

                    About Goodman Networks

Goodman Networks, along with two of its affiliates, filed a
voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr.
S.D. Tex. Lead Case No. 17-31575) on March 13, 2017, citing
decreased demands for its services and increased debt as a result
of a series of strategic acquisitions in 2013.  The Debtors
commenced the Chapter 11 cases after reaching an agreement with 75%
noteholders and 80% shareholders on the terms of a comprehensive
balance-sheet restructuring.  The Debtors, which provide end-to-end
network infrastructure and professional services to
telecommunications industry, and installation and maintenance
services for satellite communications, have $325 million of
outstanding debt in the form of 12.125% senior secured notes due
July 2018, as disclosed in the bankruptcy filing.

In its petition, Goodman Networks estimated $100 million to $500
million in both assets and liabilities.  The petitions were signed
by John Debus, interim chief financial officer.

The Debtors have hired Kirkland & Ellis LLP as general counsel,
Haynes and Boone, LLP as local counsel, Jefferies LLC as financial
advisor, FTI Consulting, Inc. as restructuring advisor, June Creek
Interests as crisis manager and Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC as
noticing, claims and balloting agent.

On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed a plan of reorganization
and related disclosure statement.  Under the Plan, the secured
notes claims of $325 million will receive their pro rata share of
$25 million in cash, $112.5 million of new 8% senior secured notes
due 2022, new payment-in-kind preferred stock in reorganized
Goodman having an initial liquidation value of $80 million and
shares of new common stock in Reorganized Goodman representing 42%
of the common stock of Reorganized Goodman on the Effective Date. 

All holders of existing Goodman Interests will maintain ownership
(on a pro rata basis) of 7.9 percent of the common stock in
Reorganized Goodman.  General unsecured claims will be paid in full
in cash.  Administrative claims, priority tax claims and secured
claims will be paid in full in cash. 

The Plan will be funded from cash on hand and issuance and
distribution of the New Secured Notes, issuance and distribution
of the New PIK Preferred Stock and issuance and distribution of the
New Common Stock and dilution of interests in Goodman.

In conjunction with the RSA and the Debtors' prepetition
solicitation process, the Debtors also engaged with MidCap
Financial Trust, the administrative agent and lender, regarding
The treatment of the Debtors' prepetition revolving credit
facility.  After good-faith negotiations, the Credit Facility
Lender agreed to forbear from exercising remedies with respect to
certain defaults in return for the pay-down of all outstanding
amounts under the Credit Facility on March 8, 2017.  In addition,
the Credit Facility Lender has committed to provide a $25 million
post-emergence revolving credit facility on substantially the same
terms as the prepetition Credit Facility.  The Exit Facility will
ensure that the Debtors' reorganized balance sheet is appropriately
capitalized.

On a post-reorganization basis, the transactions in the Plan would
result in a reduction of outstanding funded indebtedness by more
than $212.5 million as well as significantly reducing interest
expense. 

Counsel to the Consenting Noteholders: 

     Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
     One Bryant Park
     New York, New York 10036
     Michael S. Stamer, Esq.
     Meredith Lahaie, Esq.
     Sara Lynne Brauner, Esq.


GRAND ABBACO DEVELOPMENT: Trustee Taps Meland Russin as Counsel
---------------------------------------------------------------
The Chapter 11 trustee for Grand Abbaco Development of Village West
Corp. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of Florida to hire legal counsel.

Drew Dillworth, the court-appointed trustee, proposes to hire
Meland Russin & Budwick P.A. to give legal advice regarding his
duties under the Bankruptcy Code, and provide other legal services
related to the Debtor's Chapter 11 case.

Meland Russin and Peter Russin, Esq., the firm's attorney
designated to provide the services, do not represent any interest
adverse to the trustee or the Debtor, according to court filings. 

The firm can be reached through:

     Peter D. Russin, Esq.
     Meland Russin & Budwick P.A.
     200 South Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 3200
     Miami, FL 33131
     Office: 305.358.6363
     Direct: 305.375.6075
     Fax: 305.358.1221 
     Email: prussin@melandrussin.com	

                 About Grand Abbaco Development

Grand Abbaco Development of Village West Corp. sought protection
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. S.D. Fla. Case No.
16-14286) on March 27, 2016.  The Debtor is represented by Michael
Marcer, Esq., at Marrero, Chamizo, Marcer Law, LP.

No official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in
the Debtor's case.


GREENE TECHNOLOGIES: U.S. Trustee Unable to Appoint Committee
-------------------------------------------------------------
An official committee of unsecured creditors has not yet been
appointed in the Chapter 11 case of Greene Technologies
Incorporated as of April 27, according to a court docket.

            About Greene Technologies Incorporated

Greene Technologies Incorporated filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy
petition (Bankr. N.D.N.Y.. Case No. 17-60389) on March 31,
2017.  Edward J. Fintel and Associates represents the Debtor as
counsel.

The Debtor disclosed total assets of $795,274 and total liabilities
of $1.01 million.  The petition was signed by Carol M. Rosenkrantz,
president.

Edward J. Fintel, Esq., at Edward J. Fintel & Associates serves as
the Debtor's attorney.


GURKARN DIAMOND: Unsecureds to Get Share of $500 per Month for 1 Yr
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Gurkarn Diamond Hotel Corporation filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Western District of Texas its first amended
disclosure statement dated April 24, 2017, explaining its plan of
reorganization.

Class 7 Allowed General Unsecured Claims -- estimated at $11,800 --
is impaired by the Plan.  Each holder of an Allowed General
Unsecured Claim will be paid their pro rata share of $500 a month
over 12 months, starting on the 15th of the third full month
following the Effective Date.  Insider Unsecured Claims, including
that of Satinder Gill, will be paid nothing under this Plan.

The Debtor has not filed claims and objections and may object to
certain of the unsecured claims.

The Debtor proposes to repay creditors as the result of a
reorganized and streamlined business model.  Priority claims and
unsecured claims will be paid in full under the Plan.  An equity
auction will be conducted to ensure the Plan does not violate the
absolute priority rule.

The funds necessary for the satisfaction of the creditors' claims
will be generated from Debtor's income and the contributions to be
made by the Equity Interest Holders called for by the Plan.

The Disclosure Statement is available at:

           http://bankrupt.com/misc/txwb16-70183-76.pdf

As reported by the Troubled Company Reporter on March 27, 2017, the
Debtor filed with the Court its first disclosure statement
explaining its plan of reorganization, dated March 14, 2017, which
proposes to pay priority claims and unsecured claims in full. 
Class 7 under the plan consists of the Allowed General Unsecured
Claims and is estimated to be approximately $20,000.  Each holder
of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim will be paid their pro rata
share of $1,000 a month over 24 months, starting on the 15th of the
third full month following the Effective Date. 

                 About Gurkarn Diamond Hotel

Gurkarn Diamond Hotel Corporation filed a chapter 11 petition
(Bankr. W.D. Tex. Case No. 16-70183) on Nov. 14, 2016. The case is
assigned to Judge Ronald B. King. The petition was signed by
Satinder S. Gill, partner member. The Debtor is represented by
Joyce W. Lindauer, Esq., at Joyce W. Lindauer Attorney, PLLC. The
Debtor estimated assets and liabilities at $1 million to $10
million at the time of the filing.


HAITIAN FIRST CHURCH: Israel Buying Brooklyn Property for $2.5M
---------------------------------------------------------------
Judge Carla E. Craig of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern
District of New York will convene a hearing on May 24, 2017 at 3:00
p.m. to consider Haitian First Church of Brethren, Inc.'s sale of
the real property known as and located at 1781-1787 Flatbush
Avenue, Brooklyn, New York, Block 7618, Lot 34, to David Israel, or
an entity to be formed by him, for $2,525,000, subject to higher
and better offers.

The objection deadline is May 17, 2017.

The Property, owned by the Debtor, consists of a land and
buildings.

The Debtor and the Purchaser entered into Contract of Sale, dated
April 19, 2017, for the sale and purchase of the Property.  The
Purchaser has given the Debtor's counsel the sum of $100,000, which
is being held in escrow.  If Purchaser is the successful bidder it
will pay the balance of the purchase price at the closing.  The
Contract does not have a financing contingency and is an all cash
purchase.  Because the Debtor is a religious corporation, the sale
must be approved by the New York State Attorney General.  Special
Counsel estimates that the approval should be obtained by
mid-June.

A copy of the Contract attached to the Motion is available for free
at:

     http://bankrupt.com/misc/Haitian_First_199_Sales.pdf 

By order dated March 25, 2016, the Court approved a sale of the
Property to Mission of Mount Olives Church of God, Inc.  Because
the pastor of the Debtor died and after his death it was discovered
that he never obtained approval of the Debtor's board for the sale,
that sale did not proceed to closing.  By letter dated Oct. 13,
2016, the prior seller cancelled its contract to purchase the
Property.

The Purchaser came to the Debtor through Geo Real Estate Group,
Inc.  The Debtor has agreed to pay Geo a commission of $100,000,
subject to approval by the Court.  The Debtor is filing an
application to retain Geo effective Jan. 1, 2017.  The offer made
by the Purchaser is the highest offer received by Geo by a party
willing to sign a contract.  Because the sales price for the
Property is more than sufficient to pay all creditors in full, the
Debtor has decided not to incur the expense of advertising the
Property for sale, but Geo and the Debtor will continue to market
the Property.

By order dated Nov. 16, 2015, the Court authorized the Debtor to
retain Kurt L. Roth of Dickler & Roth LLP as Special Real Estate
Counsel.  Roth has made several appearances before the Court and
will take all necessary steps to insure that the sale will close. 


Because of the extra work in negotiating and preparing two
contracts, in dealing with the Debtor on contract issues, and in
making several court appearances, as well as representing the
Debtor at the closing on the sale of the Property, the Debtor asks
that Special Real Estate Counsel receive a fee of $10,000 instead
of the $6,500 previously approved by the Court, and that such fee
is reasonable.

The $2,525,000 purchase price is greater than the aggregate amount
of all liens on the Property.  The Debtor owed D.A.M. Nevada
$1,465,985, as of Nov. 30, 2016, and the amount that will be owed
in June 2017 will be no more than $1,550,000.  Atlantic Northeast
District, Church of the Brethren holds the second mortgage on the
Property with a current balance of approximately $100,000.  The
Debtor owes real estate taxes and water charges of approximately
$70,000.  The sales price is far in excess of the liens on the
Property.  The only filed unsecured claim is Con Ed for $82. 
Therefore, the Property will be sold free and clear of any liens,
claims and encumbrances.

The Debtor believes that an immediate sale of the Property is in
the best interests of the estate for numerous reasons.  The Court
granted D.A.M. Nevada relief from the automatic stay by order dated
July 20, 2015.  Although as of the date of the Motion, no
foreclosure sale has been scheduled, D.A.M. Nevada holds a judgment
of foreclosure and is ready to schedule a sale if the Debtor does
not sell the Property.  Interest continues to accrue on the
judgment, on the second mortgage, and on the real estate taxes. 
The Debtor does not have the money to pay the judgment, so sale of
the Property is in the best interests of the Debtor's estate and
its creditors.  The Debtor believes that the sale to Purchaser or
to any other entity that makes a higher and better offer at the
Sale Hearing represents the highest and best value that can
reasonably be obtained for the estate from the Property.

Accordingly, the Debtor asks the Court to enter an Order (i)
approving the Contract and authorizing the Debtor to enter into and
consummate the Contract; (ii) authorizing the Debtor to sell the
Property, free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances and
interests, except as set forth in the Contract of Sale, to the
Purchaser or to such entity that submits a higher and better offer
at the Sale Hearing; (iii) approving fees of $10,000 to Kurt L.
Roth, as special real estate counsel to the Debtor; and the
broker's commission to Geo of $100,00; and (iv) granting the Debtor
such other and further relief as may be just and proper.

The Purchaser can be reached at:

          David Israel
          2774 Coney Island Ave.
          Brooklyn, NY 11235

       About Haitian First Church of the Bretheren

Haitian First Church of the Bretheren, Inc., sought Chapter 11
protection (Bankr. E.D. N.Y. Case No. 14-43609) on July 15, 2014. 
Judge Carla E. Craig is assigned to the case.  The Debtor disclosed
assets at $850,000 and liabilities at $1 million.  The petition was
signed by Verel Montauban, president.

The Debtor tapped Bruce Weiner, Esq., at Rosenberg Musso & Weiner
LLP, as counsel.



HARROGATE INC: Fitch Cuts Rating on $10.68MM 1997 Rev. Bonds to BB
------------------------------------------------------------------
Fitch Ratings has downgraded the rating on the following bonds
issued on behalf of Harrogate, Inc. to 'BB' from 'BB+':

-- $10,680,000 of New Jersey Economic Development Authority 
    revenue refunding bonds series 1997.

The Rating Outlook is Stable.

SECURITY 

The bonds are secured by a gross revenue pledge, a mortgage on
certain property and equipment and a debt service reserve fund.

KEY RATING DRIVERS

DECLINING LIQUIDITY POSITION: The downgrade to 'BB' reflects
Harrogate's weak unrestricted liquidity position, which has
declined significantly over the past four years. The community's 54
days cash on hand (DCOH), 22.8% cash to debt, and 1.7x cushion
ratio at Feb. 28, 2017 (two-month interim) were all below Fitch's
below investment grade (BIG) medians of 256 days, 34.9% and 4.4x,
respectively.

SLOWLY REBOUNDING OCCUPANCY: The Stable Outlook reflects the
improvement in Harrogate's independent living unit (ILU) occupancy
to 82% through the interim period, from 75% at the end of 2015, due
to strong ILU sales in 2016, particularly in the second half of the
year. Management is budgeting to have 40 move-ins in 2017, which
should further support occupancy improvement. 

WEAK OPERATING PROFITABILITY: Lower occupancy in the beginning of
2016 pressured Harrogate's operating performance, resulting in a
118% operating ratio and a 11.7% net operating margin
(NOM)-adjusted (improved from the prior year, but still weak for
the category) in 2016 (unaudited). Operating ratio improved through
the interim period to 98.7% due to incremental monthly fees
resulting from improved occupancy. 

MANAGEABLE DEBT BURDEN: A key credit strength is Harrogate's
manageable debt burden with maximum annual debt service (MADS)
constituting only 8.5% of 2016 revenues, compared to Fitch's 'BIG'
median of 15.8%. Given the weak operating performance, Harrogate's
debt service coverage was a thin 1.4x in 2016. However, given the
lower debt burden and the increase in IL occupancy through the
interim period, Fitch expects debt service coverage to improve.

LONGER TERM CAPITAL PLANS: Harrogate is in the process of
developing a master facilities plan (MFP), which could include a
replacement of its health care center, construction of additional
ILUs and assisted living units (ALUs), including memory care beds.
The plan is in the early development phase, but preliminary costs
range from $20 to $28 million, likely to be funded via a debt
issuance. Harrogate does not have debt capacity at its current
rating level.

RATING SENSITIVITIES

CONTINUED OCCUPANCY IMPROVEMENT EXPECTED: Fitch expects Harrogate,
Inc. to sustain the improved occupancy trend exhibited over the
last eight months, which should improve cash flow and help
stabilize the balance sheet over the medium to longer term.

CREDIT PROFILE

Harrogate is a type 'A' continuing care retirement community (CCRC)
located in Lakewood, New Jersey with 254 ILUs and 68 skilled
nursing facility (SNF) beds. Harrogate has a client services
agreement with Life Care Services (LCS). Total revenues in 2016
were $16.2 million (December 31 year end).

DECLINING LIQUIDITY POSITION

Harrogate's unrestricted cash and investments declined to just $2.4
million at Feb. 28, 2017, from $14.2 million at Dec. 31, 2013. The
year-over-year decline is attributed to weak operating
profitability and cash flows, heavy plant reinvestment over the
recent years, as well as timing of entrance fee refunds ($1.0
million refunded through Feb.). Capital expenditures averaged
163.4% over the past four years and were at 220.3% in 2015,
significantly above Fitch's 'BIG' median of 79.5%. Harrogate has
historically deferred major renovations, which has resulted in a
very high average age of plant of 22.7 years in 2014. Average age,
while still elevated, improved to 19.5 years in 2016. The plant
reinvestment was necessary to enhance marketability, but had a
significant negative impact on Harrogate's liquidity ratios.
Harrogate's balance sheet position has historically been considered
a credit strength, as it was more in line with Fitch's investment
grade medians. The significant decline in liquidity is a major
driver for the downgrade to 'BB'. Harrogate does not have a DCOH
covenant. 

OCCUPANCY AND PROFITABILITY

Harrogate's ILU occupancy improved to 82% through the interim
period as a result of a stabilized marketing department and
continued apartment renovations, which have increased the
marketability of the campus. Harrogate had a record 53 move-ins in
2016, which generated strong net entrance fee receipts of $4.1
million, offsetting the significant operating loss of $1.7 million
for the year, and resulting in an improved NOM-adjusted of 11.7%.
Management is budgeting to receive $3.2 million in net entrance fee
receipts in 2017, which is feasible given the recent sales
momentum. 

Harrogate's operating ratio has averaged 110.9% over the past four
years, high even for a Type-A community. ILU occupancy improvement,
as well as a renewed focus on driving outside admits into the
skilled nursing facility (SNF), resulted in an improved operating
ratio of 98.7% through the interim. SNF occupancy improved to 93%
through the interim compared to 80% in 2016 and should be accretive
to the bottom line if maintained.

MANAGEABLE DEBT BURDEN

Harrogate's MADS of $1.35 million equated to a manageable 8.5% of
total 2016 revenues favorable to the 'BIG' median of 15.8%.
Harrogate's debt to net available of 5.5x was also solid for the
rating category. Although Harrogate's overall debt burden remains
manageable, its weak operating profitability resulted in low debt
service coverage of 1.4x in 2016. 

LONGER TERM CAPITAL PLANS

Harrogate's deferred capital spending over the years has resulted
in an elevated average age of plant of 19.5 years in 2016.
Harrogate began to address the high average age of plant with a
number of apartment consolidations and renovations starting in
2014. Approximately 88% of the community's $4.1 million in capital
expenditures in 2016 were used for apartment renovations, which has
helped improve occupancy on the campus. Fitch believes that the
apartment combination and renovation initiative is necessary for
Harrogate to satisfy market demand and stay competitive in its
service area. 

Harrogate is in the process of developing a master facilities plan
(MFP), which could include a replacement of its health care center,
construction of additional ILUs and ALUs (including memory care
beds). The plan is in the early development phase but preliminary
costs range from $20 to $28 million and will likely be funded via a
debt issuance. Fitch notes that Harrogate does not have capacity at
the current rating level for an issuance of such magnitude.

DEBT PROFILE

The 1997 bonds are fixed rate with a level debt service and MADS of
$1.35 million. There are no swaps outstanding.


ICC HOLDINGS: A.M. Best Assigns 'bb' Issuer Credit Rating
---------------------------------------------------------
A.M. Best has assigned a Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating (Long-Term
ICR) of "bb" to ICC Holdings, Inc. [NASDAQ: ICCH] (Rock Island,
IL), a recently formed publicly traded holding company for the
demutualization of Illinois Casualty Company (Rock Island, IL). The
outlook assigned to the Credit Rating (rating) is positive. ICC
Holdings owns 100% of Illinois Casualty.  In its initial public
offering, the company closed at $35 million.  The transaction
closed on March 24, 2017, and the stock begins trading on March 28,
2017.

Concurrently, A.M. Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating
(FSR) of B++ (Good) and the Long-Term ICR of "bbb" of Illinois
Casualty.  The outlook of the FSR is stable, while the outlook of
the Long-Term ICR remains positive.

Illinois Casualty's ratings and positive Long-Term ICR outlook
reflect its improving risk-adjusted capitalization and recent trend
in favorable operating performance under the current management
team.  These positive rating factors are offset partially by the
company's elevated expense ratio and below-average return measures.
A.M. Best expects additional capital resulting from the
demutualization to further improve the company's capital position
and leverage ratios.


J&M FOOD: Hires LaGanke Firm as Co-Counsel
------------------------------------------
J&M Food Services LLC seeks authorization from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Arizona to employ James M. LaGanke PLLC
as co-counsel and litigation counsel for the Debtor.

The Debtor requires LaGanke Firm to:

     a. advise the Debtor regarding its powers and duties as
debtor-in-possession in the continued management and operation of
its business;

     b. take necessary action to protect and preserve the Debtor's
estate, including prosecute actions on the Debtor's behalf, defend
any action commenced against the Debtor and represent the Debtor's
interest in negotiations concerning litigation in which the Debtor
is involved, including, but not limited to, objections to claims
filed against the estate;

     c. negotiate, solicit, and obtain court approval on the
Debtor's behalf for the plan of reorganization, disclosure
statement, and all related agreements and/or documents, and take
any necessary action on behalf of the Debtor to obtain confirmation
of such plan;

     d. appear before the Bankruptcy Court and the United States
Trustee, and protect the interest of the Debtor's estate; and

     e. pursue the State Court Litigation either in this Court or
in Superior Court.

The Debtor will compensate LaGanke Firm at the rate of $400.

LaGanke Firm will also be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred.

James M. LaGanke, Esq., James M. LaGanke PLLC, assured the Court
that the firm is a "disinterested person" as the term is defined in
Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does not represent any
interest adverse to the Debtor and its estates.

LaGanke Firm may be reached at:

     James M. LaGanke, Esq.
     James M. LaGanke PLLC
     13236 N. 7th Street, Suite 4-257 
     Phoenix, AZ 85022-5343 
     Phone: (602) 993-5490
     Fax: (602) 283-5122 
     E-mail: jameslaganke@aol.com

                   About J&M Food Services

J&M Food Services LLC sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Ariz. Case No. 17-01466) on February 18,
2017.  The petition was signed by Maggie Liao, managing member.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of less than
$50,000 and liabilities of less than $100,000.


JAGUAR HOLDING: $550 Mil. PIK Toggle Notes Get Moody's Caa1
-----------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service affirmed the B2 Corporate Family Rating
and B2-PD Probability of Default Rating of Jaguar Holding Company
II (a parent company of Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC
(collectively, "PPD")) in conjunction with the company's
recapitalization transaction.

Moody's assigned a Caa1 rating to the proposed $550 million senior
unsecured holdco PIK toggle notes issued by Eagle Holding Company
II, LLC, a parent company of Jaguar Holding Company II. Proceeds
from the notes will be used in conjunction with equity from new and
existing sponsors to make a distribution to affiliates of The
Carlyle Group and Hellman & Friedman, management, and to fund
related fees and expenses.

Moody's also upgraded the existing secured credit facilities to Ba3
from B1 because of the additional junior capital being added to the
capital structure. At the same time, Moody's affirmed the existing
Caa1 rating on the unsecured notes due 2023. The rating outlook is
stable.

At the close of the transaction, Moody's will withdraw the
Corporate Family Rating, Probability of Default Rating, and outlook
on Jaguar Holding Company II. Moody's is reassigning these ratings
at Eagle Holding Company II, LLC which will be the issuer of the
proposed notes and the highest level entity with rated debt going
forward.

"The proposed recapitalization will increase leverage by about a
turn to the high 7.0 times debt to EBITDA range -- very high for
the B2," stated Morris Borenstein, Moody's Assistant Vice
President. "However, given the company's strong revenue and
earnings growth outlook, PPD's leverage will improve to around 7.0
times over the next 12 months."

Eagle Holding Company II, LLC:

Ratings assigned:

Corporate Family Rating of B2

Probability of Default Rating of B2-PD

$550 million senior unsecured notes due 2022, Caa1 (LGD6)

The outlook is stable.

Jaguar Holding Company II:

Ratings upgraded:

$3,194 million senior secured term loan to Ba3 due 2022 (LGD3) from
B1 (LGD3)

$300 million senior secured revolving credit facility due 2020 to
Ba3 (LGD3) from B1 (LGD3)

Rating affirmed:

$1,125 million senior unsecured notes due 2023 at Caa1 (LGD5)

Ratings affirmed, to be withdrawn at the close of the transaction:

Corporate Family Rating of B2

Probability of Default Rating of B2-PD

The outlook is stable.

RATINGS RATIONALE

PPD's B2 CFR rating reflects the company's very high financial
leverage and aggressive financial policies, including a significant
amount of shareholder dividends paid since the company's leveraged
buyout. The rating also reflects risks inherent in the CRO
industry, which is highly competitive, has high reliance on the
pharmaceutical industry, and is subject to cancellation risk. The
B2 rating is supported by PPD's significant scale, leading breadth
of services and strong reputation, which Moody's believes gives the
company competitive advantages over many peers in the highly
fragmented CRO industry. The rating is also supported by Moody's
view that PPD has good revenue and earnings growth prospects due to
increased outsourcing of R&D by the pharmaceutical industry and a
healthy biotechnology funding environment. Finally, the B2 rating
is also supported by Moody's expectation for adequate interest
coverage, positive free cash flow and good liquidity.

While not anticipated, Moody's could upgrade the ratings if PPD's
adjusted debt to EBITDA is expected to be sustained below 5.5 times
and free cash flow to debt is expected to be sustained above 8%.

Moody's could downgrade the ratings if industry growth is expected
to slow or company-specific challenges indicate that leverage will
not decline from current levels. Further, if free cash flow to debt
is expected to be negative for a sustained period, or liquidity is
expected to materially worsen, Moody's could downgrade the
ratings.

PPD is a global contract research organization. The company
provides Phase I through Phase IV clinical development,
post-approval services as well as laboratory services to
pharmaceutical, biotechnology and academic customers, among others.
PPD is primarily owned by The Carlyle Group and Hellman & Friedman.
Net service revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016
approximated $2.5 billion.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Business and
Consumer Service Industry published in October 2016. 


JEANETTE GUTIERREZ: Sale of San Antonio Property for $58K Approved
------------------------------------------------------------------
Judge of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of
Texas authorized Jeanette M. Gutierrez's private sale of the real
property she owns located at 1219 Upland, San Antonio, Texas, more
particularly described as Lot 3, Block 27, New City Block 10661,
recorded in the Real Property Records of Bexar County, Texas, to
Casas DJMAK, Quinlan Investments, LLC for $58,000.

The sale is free and clear of all liens and interests, except for
ad valorem taxes. 

The ad valorem tax lien for year 2016 and prior pertaining to the
subject property will attach to the sales proceeds and that the
closing agent will pay all ad valorem tax debt owed incident to the
subject property immediately upon closing and prior to any
disbursement of proceeds to any other person or entity.

The ad valorem taxes for year 2017 pertaining to the subject
property will be prorated in accordance with the Real Estate
Purchase Contract and will become the responsibility of the
Purchaser and the year 2017 ad valorem tax lien will be retained
against the subject property until said taxes are paid in full.

The remaining proceeds from each sale, if any, will be held in
trust by the title insurance company that closes the sale, or by
the Debtor's attorney, David T. Cain, in trust in his IOLTA
account, pending further order of the Court.

The Order is not stayed pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 6004(g).

                   About Jeanette M. Gutierrez

Jeanette M. Gutierrez and her spouse own and operate a couple of
businesses San Antonio, Texas, including GP Auto Sales, Inc.,
which is involved in used car sales; Gutierrez P. Enterprises,
LLC, which owns and rents several residual rental properties in
San Antonio, Texas; and FCRE, Inc.

Jeanette M. Gutierrez sought Chapter 11 protection (Bankr. W.D.
Tex. Case No. 15-52100g) on Aug. 31, 2015.

The Debtor tapped David T. Cain, Esq., at the Law Office of David
T. Cain as counsel.


JEFFERSON COUNTY, AL: Fitch Affirms BB+ on $395MM Sewer Warrants
----------------------------------------------------------------
Fitch Ratings has affirmed the following ratings for Jefferson
County, AL's (the county) warrants:

-- $395 million senior lien sewer revenue current interest 
    warrants series 2013-A at 'BB+';

-- $65.6 million senior lien sewer revenue capital appreciation 
    warrants series 2013-B at 'BB+';

-- $180.6 million senior lien sewer revenue convertible capital 
    appreciation warrants series 2013-C at 'BB+';

-- $808.6 million subordinate lien sewer revenue current interest

    warrants series 2013-D at 'BB';

-- $62.5 million subordinate lien sewer revenue capital 
    appreciation warrants series 2013-E at 'BB'; and

-- $402.4 million subordinate lien sewer revenue convertible 
    capital appreciation warrants series 2013-F at 'BB'.

The Rating Outlook is Stable.

SECURITY

The senior lien warrants are payable from gross system revenues of
the county's sanitary fund, which does not include sewer tax
revenues that are used for operations. The subordinate lien
warrants are payable from system revenues after payment of the
senior lien warrants.

KEY RATING DRIVERS

EXCEEDINGLY HIGH DEBT BURDEN: System debt levels are exceptionally
high, even with the substantial reduction in system debt achieved
by the exit from bankruptcy in 2013. Further, the very slow pace of
debt amortization and use of capital appreciation warrants will
result in an elevated debt burden for decades even without
additional borrowings.

FINANCIAL SELF-SUFFICIENCY: The county's exit from bankruptcy in
2013 returned the county's sanitary sewer fund to an adequate
financial position starting in fiscal 2014. The county's sewer fund
ended fiscal 2016 with $7 million in unrestricted cash (or 45 days
cash on hand) and all-in debt service coverage (DSC) of 2x.

INCLINING DEBT SERVICE STRUCTURE: Sewer system cash flows are
expected to be sufficient to generate healthy all-in DSC of at
least 1.5x and meet capital demands through 2023. In 2024 and
beyond, DSC is projected to be modest at around 1.25x as a result
of back-loaded debt service, which will provide insufficient
remaining cash flow to support known capital needs.

COMMISSION SUPPORTED RATES: The Approved Rate Structure (ARS)
adopted by the county commission in 2013 approved annual rate
adjustments through final maturity of the warrants (2053). Ongoing
support of the Commission to implement the annual rate increases
authorized by the ARS, and any additional future rate adjustments
that may be required to meet the rate covenant on the warrants, is
key to the ratings.

ONGOING LITIGATION RISK: Litigation is ongoing regarding the
bankruptcy court's authority to enforce the ARS. While Fitch
continues to assess the risk of potential litigation to credit
quality, the ratings reflect the political will and authority of
the County Commission to enforce the ARS and produce sufficient
revenues to pay warrantholders. Less rating support is placed on
the authority of the bankruptcy court to enforce the ARS in the
absence of Commission action to do so in the future.

FLAT CUSTOMER BASE: The county provides sewer service to a large
service area across the entire county with an economy that
continues to diversify. Flat customer growth precludes
growth-related capital needs but burdens the existing customer base
with substantial existing debt and infrastructure reinvestment
costs.

RATING SENSITIVITIES

HINDRANCES TO APPROVED RATE STRUCTURE (ARS): Any action that limits
or repeals the ARS would be viewed as a material weakening of
Jefferson County's ability to operate the sewer system and meet
obligations to warrantholders. Downward rating pressure would be
expected to follow in turn.

UNLIKELY NEAR-TERM UPWARD MOVEMENT: The rating is unlikely to move
upwards over the near-term given the long-term capital demands of
the system, back-loaded debt and rate sensitivity beyond increases
in the ARS.

CREDIT PROFILE

Jefferson County is located in northeastern Alabama and has an
estimated population of around 660,000 people, which has been flat
since at least 2000. The county provides retail wastewater
collection, treatment, and disposal service to a 440-square-mile
area that includes 23 municipalities within the county (including
the cities of Birmingham and Bessemer) as well as unincorporated
parts of the county and very small portions of Shelby and St. Clair
Counties. The cities of Birmingham and Bessemer bill customers
directly for sewer service on behalf of Jefferson County and
account for 91% of customers.

The county declared bankruptcy in November 2011 following default
on its sewer warrants, general obligation warrants and lease
obligations. The chapter 9 plan of adjustment was approved by the
bankruptcy court on Nov. 22, 2013 allowing the county to exit
bankruptcy. The bankruptcy plan allowed the county to restructure
its debt by issuing the senior and subordinate series 2013
warrants.

SIGNIFICANT LEVERAGE REMAINS

System leverage ratios are exceptionally high despite the reduction
in system obligations negotiated with creditors under the plan of
adjustment. Debt per customer is $13,577 (as compared to Fitch's
national median or $1,756 per customer) while debt to net plant is
high at 82% (Fitch sector median is 45%).

System leverage will be a key credit concern for some time given
the use of capital appreciation warrants and the back-loaded debt
structure that yields a minimal principal amortization rate of 4%
and 9% in the 10-year and 20-year horizons, respectively. Such slow
amortization will constrict the system's capacity to absorb any
future debt that may be needed for system capital purposes and will
also absorb much of the annual rate increases approved in the ARS
through the term of the warrants. Favorably, the system has no
variable interest rate risk or exposure to swap termination
payments, both of which were major contributors to the county's
prior bankruptcy filing.

RETURN TO FINANCIAL SUFFICIENCY IN 2014

The county's 2014 audit indicated a return to financial sufficiency
of the sewer system. The bankruptcy plan included the forgiveness
of $1.4 billion in outstanding debt and the 2013 warrants
restructured repayment of the remaining debt through 2053,
providing significant debt service payment relief in the early
years. As a result, full debt service was paid and all-in DSC was
healthy at 1.8x.

In addition, the 2014 audit was completed by March 31, 2015 and
newly required quarterly statements have also been provided in a
timely manner. This represents improved disclosure from the past
years of delayed audits with material concerns. All other material
audit concerns have been resolved and the county's fiscal 2016
audit includes no qualifications or modifications.

CONTINUED STABLE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE TO DATE AS EXPECTED

Audited results for both fiscal year 2016 and 2015 registered all
in debt service coverage 2x and 1.9x, respectively. Liquidity
levels continue to be weaker at just 45 days of cash on hand.
Actual DSC has exceeded the original 2013 feasibility forecast
which anticipated fiscal 2016 of 1.6x.

The county's financial staff, under the direction of the chief
financial officer, continues to build upon work done in the past
three years to modernize and clean up the internal accounting
processes within the county. In 2015, the county implemented a new
accounting system that it believes will further improve financial
reporting.

INCLINING DEBT SERVICE STRUCTURE CREATES OUT-YEAR PRESSURE

Favorable financial performance through fiscal 2023 is in large
part due to a back-loaded debt structure and the use of capital
appreciation bonds. Debt service increases nearly 70% in fiscal
2024 from the prior year to over $140 million and then continues to
escalate 3% annually through fiscal 2039. This large jump in debt
service costs is concerning. Based on the 2013 feasibility report
(the most recent forecast available), all-in DSC is projected to
fall to 1.25x, with annual rate increases. In addition, annual cash
flow will be inadequate to fund the system's known capital needs.

Fitch is concerned about the system's practical ability to increase
rates above those contemplated in the ARS to cover the shortfall in
meeting basic ongoing capital expenses in 2024 and thereafter.
Fitch further believes the risk of enhanced environmental
requirements regarding sewer treatment and discharges is likely
over the long term. To the extent these regulations translate into
additional capital and/or operating expenses, system financial
projections will be strained even further.

COMMISSION SUPPORT FOR APPROVED RATE INCREASES IS KEY

Implementation of the ARS is a key credit factor supporting the
ratings on the 2013 warrants. The ARS was adopted by the County
Commission (the commission) in October 2013. The October 2013
resolution enacting the ARS approved four annual rate increases of
7.89% effective on Nov. 1, 2014 and Oct. 1, 2015-2017. All rates
have been adopted as outlined in the ARS through fiscal 2017.
Thereafter, the October 2013 resolution provides for annual 3.49%
increases beginning Oct. 1, 2018 and continuing as long as the 2013
sewer revenue warrants are outstanding. The commission retains its
ability to make additional rate adjustments through the enactment
of adjusting resolutions as long as the rate covenant is
maintained.

The adoption of the ARS is a credit positive in that it alleviates
some political pressure to act on raising rates in the future.
Nevertheless, Fitch remains concerned regarding the implementation
of future rate increases given the political backlash that may
ensue from the prolonged escalation in rates associated with the
ARS. In addition, Fitch is concerned that the resulting cost of
service from the ARS implementation severely limits the county's
ability to increase rates beyond the level permitted by the ARS to
meet expected shortfalls in capital spending needs in fiscal 2024
and thereafter through either pay-as-you-go capital or through
servicing additional debt. An average sewer bill in fiscal 2016 is
approximately $65 per month (based on Fitch's standard usage of
6,000 gallons), which accounts for a high 1.7% of median household
income.

The ARS was incorporated into the plan of adjustment, at the
county's request, in order to allow the bankruptcy court to retain
jurisdiction. The county believes that, as a result, the ARS will
be enforceable by the court. Litigation is ongoing that challenges
the bankruptcy court's authority to enforce the ARS. Fitch's
ratings are based on ongoing support of the elected County
Commission to enforce and uphold the ARS and the rate covenant with
warrantholders. Any indication of the commission's intent to do
otherwise would pressure the rating. Fitch views the ongoing
community discord and legal challenges regarding the ARS as
concerns to credit quality in that they could pressure future
support from the commission to uphold the ARS.


JERRY DAVIS: Browers Buying Santa Rosa Property for $26K
--------------------------------------------------------
Jerry H. Davis asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of Alabama to authorize the sale of the real property he
owns known as Lots Number 9 and 10 located in Santa Rosa County,
Florida, to John T. Brower, Sr. and Janet C. Brower, or their
designee, for $25,500.

The property is subject to a mortgage in favor of United Bank which
mortgage secures a debt with an unpaid balance of approximately
$3,800,000.

The Debtor has received an offer to purchase the said property from
the Buyers for $25,500 cash, free and clear of liens.  He has
agreed to accept said offer, subject to the Court's approval. 

A copy of the Purchase Agreement attached to the Motion is
available for free at:

         http://bankrupt.com/misc/Jerry_Davis_125_Sales.pdf

The Debtor is of the opinion that the proposed purchase price is
fair and reasonable for that the property has been on the market
for several months and the Buyer would close on the sale previously
approved by the Court.  

From the gross sales proceeds, the Debtor proposes to pay (i) all
closing costs and fees required to be paid by Seller under the
terms of the Purchase Agreement, except for no commission payable
to Patty Helton Davis or to PHD Realty; (ii) all ad valorem taxes
required to be paid by Seller under the Purchase Agreement; and
(iii) the balance to United Bank, to be applied against the debt
secured by the mortgage against said property.

The Debtor is of the opinion that the sale of said property under
these circumstances and the use of the proceeds as described are in
the best interest of all creditors.

The Debtor asks the Court to enter an Order authorizing him to (i)
sell the property to the Buyers or their designee, free and clear
of liens, in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
except for no payment of a sales commission to Patty Helton Davis
or PHD Realty; and (ii) use the proceeds of the sale as set forth.

Jerry H. Davis sought Chapter 11 protection (Bankr. S.D. Ala. Case
No. 16-04461) on Dec. 23, 2016.  The Debtor tapped Irvin Grodsky,
Esq., as counsel.


JORDAN BUILDERS: Plan Outline Okayed, Plan Hearing on May 25
------------------------------------------------------------
The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Florida will
consider approval of the Chapter 11 plan of reorganization of
Jordan Builders, Inc. and Mtg. at a hearing on May 25.

The hearing will be held at 10:30 a.m. at Courtroom A, 4th Floor,
300 North Hogan Street, Jacksonville, Florida.

The court will also consider at the hearing the final approval of
the company's disclosure statement, which it conditionally approved
on April 13.

The order required creditors to file their ballots accepting or
rejecting the plan no later than 14 days before the hearing on
confirmation of the plan.  Objections must be filed seven days
before the hearing

                      About Jordan Builders

Jordan Builders, Inc. and Mtg. filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr.
M.D. Fla. Case No. 17-00495), estimating less than $1 million in
assets and debt.  The Debtor is represented by Bryan K. Mickler,
Esq., at Law Offices of Mickler & Mickler, LLP.

No official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in
the Debtor's case.


KENNETH MANIS: Sale of Baxter Properties Approved
-------------------------------------------------
Judge Charles M. Walker of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle
District of Tennessee authorized Kenneth D. and Jenider N. Manis'
sale of real properties in Baxter, Tennessee consisting of five
unimproved lots and one house.

The Debtors are authorized to sell the real properties located at
the following addresses for the following minimum sale prices: (i)
130 Rachelle Place, Baxter, Tennessee for $14,600(Building Lot);
(ii) 134 Rachelle Place, Baxter, Tennessee for $14,600 (Building
Lot); and (iii) 795 Buffalo Valley Road, Baxter, Tennessee for
$11,900 (Building Lot).

Said sale will be free and clear of the interests of any lien
holder; however, said lien will attach to the proceeds of the sale
and will be distributed pursuant to the priority of lienholders. 
Putnam 1st Mercantile Bank is the lienholder of 130 and 134
Rachelle Place, Baxter, Tennessee; and 795 Buffalo Valley Road,
Baxter, Tennessee.  Putnam 1st Mercantile Bank believes that the
sale price represents the fair market value of the properties and
has agreed to release its lien on each of the Properties as long as
all proceeds are applied to the loan. 

From the sale proceeds, the Debtors propose to pay the costs of the
closing attorney, an owner's title insurance policy, the deed tax
and all outstanding property taxes, the total of which is estimated
to be approximately $650 per property.

The Debtor has proposed the sale of the following remaining
properties in Baxter, Tennessee: (i) 308 Valley Pointe for $13,300
(Building Lot); (ii) 312 Valley Pointe for $12,000 (Building Lot);
and the 775 Buffalo Valley Road for $69,000 (House).

No determination regarding the acceptable minimum sale prices has
been made and that the hearing on the Motion to sell for the
remaining properties will be continued until May 2, 2017 at 9:00
a.m.  Should any creditor or party in interest have an objection,
said objection should be filed by April 25, 2017.

                About Kenneth and Jennifer Manis

Kenneth D. Manis and Jennifer N. Manis sought Chapter 11
protection
(Bankr. M.D. Tenn. Case No. 17-00788) on Feb. 6, 2017.  The Debtor
tapped Steven L. Lefkovitz, Esq., at the Law Offices Lefkovitz &
Lekovitz, as counsel.


KINGDOM REAL ESTATE: Lonesome Dove Tries to Block Disclosures OK
----------------------------------------------------------------
Creditor Lonesome Dove Joint Venture filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Northern District of Texas an objection to Kingdom
Real Estate Holdings & Wealth Management, LLC's first disclosure
statement dated March 30, 2017, referring to the Debtor's plan of
reorganization.

Lonesome Dove complains that:

     a. the Disclosure Statement failed to disclose claims by 
        Lonesome Dove;

     b. the Disclosure Statement failed to specify if credit-
        bidding will be allowed;

     c. the Disclosure Statement failed to discuss the flow 
        easement;

     d. the provided bidding process is improper;

     e. the Disclosure Statement failed to disclose how much cash 
        the Debtor needs;

     f. lack of information showing feasibility;

     g. the Disclosure Statement failed to disclose the 
        speculative nature of getting the flow easement relaxed;

     h. the Disclosure Statement failed to identify the source of 
        value;

     i. the Disclosure Statement failed to identify the source of 
        cash;

     j. the Disclosure Statement failed to disclose the nature of 
        the accounts receivable;

     h. the Disclosure Statement failed to accurately disclose the

        funding source;

     i. the Disclosure Statement failed to discuss claims against 
        Jabez

     j. the Disclosure Statement failed to disclose the lack of 
        operations;

     k. the Disclosure Statement failed to disclose the current 
        ownership of the Debtor;

     l. the Disclosure Statement failed to adequately discuss 
        alternative funding sources;

     m. the Disclosure Statement failed to adequately identify 
        income sources; and

     n. the Disclosure Statement failed to disclose anticipated 
        professional fees.

The essence of the Debtor's Plan is to force Lonesome Dove to sell
the Grapevine Property to Mr. Aflatouni for $198,000.  The Debtor's
Schedules reflect Lonesome Dove as an unsecured creditor with a
disputed claim for $850,000.  At the 341 Meeting, Mr. Aflatouni
testified that he had never met or even spoken with the
representative of Lonesome Dove.

Both Class 4 (Lonesome Dove) and Class 5 (Jabez) hold liens on the
Grapevine Property.

Pursuant to the Plan, over $1 million of these claims will be
treated as unsecured and fall to Class 6.  In an attempt to satisfy
the absolute priority requirements of Section 1129(b)(2)(B), the
Plan calls for an auction of the equity in the reorganized Debtor. 
Creditors should know if Lonesome Dove and Jabez will be allowed to
credit bid their deficiencies at this auction. 

The Objection is available at:

          http://bankrupt.com/misc/txnb16-44990-32.pdf 

As reported by the Troubled Company Reporter on April 17, 2017, the
Debtor has filed a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization that proposes
to set aside $100,000 to pay its unsecured creditors.  Under the
Plan, creditors holding Class 6 general unsecured claims allowed by
the court will receive a monthly payment of $5,000 for 20 months. 
These creditors assert $1.65 million in total claims.

Lonesome Dove is represented by:

     Mark B. French, Esq.
     Law Office of Mark B. French
     1901 Central Drive, Suite 704
     Bedford, TX 76021
     Tel: (817) 268-0505
     Fax: (817) 796-1396
     E-mail: mark@markfrenchlaw.com

              About Kingdom Real Estate Holdings

Kingdom Real Estate Holdings & Wealth Management, LLC, sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N. D.
Texas Case No. 16-44990) on Dec. 30, 2016.  The petition was
signed by John Aflatouni, managing member.

The case is assigned to Judge Russell F. Nelms.  Joyce W. Lindauer
Attorney, PLLC represents the Debtor as bankruptcy counsel.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of less than
$500,000 and liabilities of $1 million to $10 million.


LANDS' END: Moody's Cuts CFR to B3; Revises Outlook to Negative
---------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service downgraded Lands' End, Inc.'s Corporate
Family Rating (CFR) to B3 from B2 and Probability of Default Rating
(PDR) to B3-PD from B2-PD. Moody's also downgraded the company's
senior secured term loan to B3 from B2. The company's Speculative
Grade Liquidity Rating (SGL) was affirmed at SGL-1 and the outlook
was changed to negative.

The downgrade reflects weaker than anticipated operating
performance that has resulted in credit metrics well beyond the
ranges of the previously stated downgrade triggers. Moody's
estimates lease adjusted debt to EBITDA for the LTM period ended
January 27, 2017 at around 9.3 times with interest coverage
(EBIT/Interest Expense) just below 1 time. However leverage for
funded debt (excluding Moody's standard adjustments) is in excess
of 12 times.

LTM revenue was in line with our prior forecast (down around 6%
from prior year), however EBITDA (before Moody's standard
adjustments) missed our forecast by almost 50% and was below prior
year by EBITDA by over 60%. Year-over-year EBITDA declines were
largely driven by worsening operating margins that included an
almost 3% decline in gross margin and SG&A costs that declined on a
dollar basis, but were almost 2% higher as a percentage of sales.

The negative outlook reflects Moody's expectation that the company
will be challenged to meaningfully reverse recent trends and credit
metrics in a difficult retail environment, which could drive
ratings lower over the next 12-24 months.

Moody's took the following rating actions:

Corporate Family Rating, Downgraded to B3 from B2

Probability of Default Rating, Downgraded to B3-PD from B2-PD

$515 million ($501 million outstanding) senior secured term loan B
due 2021, Downgraded to B3 (LGD4) from B2 (LGD4)

Speculative Grade Liquidity Rating, Affirmed at SGL-1

Outlook, Changed to Negative from Stable

RATINGS RATIONALE

Lands' End's B3 CFR reflects its high leverage and weak interest
coverage resulting from ongoing weak operating trends and its 2014
spin-off from Sears. The rating also reflects Moody's expectation
that operating performance will continue to be pressured by a
highly promotional retail environment which will weigh on credit
metrics over the next 12-24 months. Lands' End presence in Sears
stores is also a risk, given Sears' continuing operation struggles
including store base contraction and its long-term track record of
negative comparable store sales. However, with only 12% of sales
generated in these shops (for fiscal 2016), Moody's believes this
risk is modest for Lands' End as a whole.

The rating is supported by Lands' End's very good liquidity profile
that includes substantial balance sheet cash and revolver
availability. In addition, the company generates approximately 86%
of its revenue from its direct to consumer business, which
positions it well to capitalize on the continued growth in online
apparel spending. In addition, the direct to consumer business
includes Lands' End's International and Outfitter business -
providing corporate and school uniforms - which Moody's believes
provide additional diversification.

Lands' End Liquidity is very good as reflected by its SGL-1
Speculative Grade Liquidity Rating. As of January 27, 2017 the
company had cash of approximately $213 million and access to an
undrawn $175 million Asset-Based Revolving credit facility ("ABL")
with about $155 million of borrowing availability after accounting
for letters of credit. While Moody's anticipates negative free cash
flow, Moody's believes the company's cash position and availability
under its revolver will be more than sufficient to cover cash needs
over the next 12-18 months. Moody's note, free cash flow beyond
2017 will be highly dependent on working capital fluctuations and
capital spend which will be elevated in 2017 as a result of
anticipated ERP and other technology investments.

The ABL facility contains a springing fixed charge coverage test of
1.0x if availability were to fall below a certain threshold.
Moody's does not expects the company to trigger this covenant over
the next 12-18 months. The term loan has no financial maintenance
covenants. The nearest debt maturity is in 2019, when its ABL
expires. Alternative sources of liquidity are limited as all
meaningful assets are pledged to the company's ABL and Term Loan
B.

The B3 rating assigned to the secured term loan reflects its second
lien on the company's accounts receivable and inventory (the $175
million asset-based revolver has a first lien on these assets) and
a first lien on substantially all other assets of the company.

A ratings upgrade would require a reversal of recent operating
trends, including a return to stable revenue and earnings growth,
resulting in leverage below 6.5 times and interest coverage
(EBIT/Interest Expense) sustained above 1.4 times. An upgrade would
also require the company to maintain at least a good liquidity
profile.

Ratings could be downgraded if the company fails to stabilize
revenue and earnings declines, resulting in a deterioration in the
company's liquidity profile, including continued negative free cash
flow or a meaningful reduction in cash or availability under the
revolver. In addition, interest coverage (EBIT/Interest Expense)
remaining below 1.0 times could also result in a downgrade.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Retail Industry
published in October 2015. 

Headquartered in Dodgeville, Wisconsin, Lands' End Inc. is a
multi-channel retailer of clothing, footwear and accessories for
men, women and children with products sold through catalogs, online
through websites in the US and overseas as well as through 216
Lands' End Shops at Sears and 14 standalone Lands' End stores.
Revenue for the twelve month period ended January 27, 2017 was
approximately $1.3 billion.



LEVEL 1: Ch.11 Trustee Hires Zimmerman Kiser as Attorneys
---------------------------------------------------------
Richard B. Webber II, the Chapter 11 Trustee for Level 1 Inc., asks
the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Florida for
authority to employ Zimmerman, Kiser & Sutcliffe, P.A. as his
attorneys.

The Chapter 11 Trustee requires Zimmerman Kiser to:

     a. prepare legal documents necessary for this Court's approval
for the settlement of any claim that the estate asserts;

     b. review certain claims and file objections due to the
complicated legal issues at hand;

     c. attend evidentiary hearings on behalf of the bankruptcy
estate;

     d. prepare any adversary proceeding necessary for the Trustee
to perform his duties as outlined in the United States Bankruptcy
Code;

     e. draft and file a Plan of Reorganization or Liquidation and
related Disclosure Statement and for all other matters related to a
Chapter 11 Confirmation Hearing and Substantial Consummation.

The Debtor will compensate Zimmerman Kiser standard hourly rate of
$275.

Bradley J. Anderson, Esq., attorney with the law firm of Zimmerman,
Kiser & Sutcliffe, assured the Court that the firm is a
"disinterested person" as the term is defined in Section 101(14) of
the Bankruptcy Code and does not represent any interest adverse to
the Debtor and its estates.

Zimmerman Kiser may be reached at:

     Bradley J. Anderson, Esq.
     Richard B. Webber II, Esq. 
     Zimmerman, Kiser & Sutcliffe 
     PO Box 3000
     Orlando, FL 32802-3000
     Phone: (407)563-4328
     Facsimile: (407)425-2747 
    
                   About Level 1, Inc.

Level 1, Inc., filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr. M.D.
Fla. Case No. 16-07454) on Nov. 15, 2016, disclosing under $1
million in both assets and liabilities. The Debtor is represented
by David R. McFarlin, Esq., at Fisher Rushmer, P.A.


LEVEL 8 APPAREL: Exclusive Plan Filing Period Extended to July 12
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Judge James L. Garrity, Jr. of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of New York extended Level 8 Apparel, LLC, and
its affiliated Debtors' exclusive periods to:

     -- file a plan of reorganization through July 12, 2017, and 

     -- solicit acceptances with respect to that plan through
September 10, 2017.

As previously reported by the Troubled Company Reporter, the
Debtors sought exclusivity extension due to some unresolved
contingencies which must be addressed before they can propose a
plan of reorganization, which include the Nassau County Action and
the Internal Revenue Service's claim.

The Debtors related that they are defendants and cross claim
defendants in an action pending in the Supreme Court of New York,
Nassau County.  The alleged damages for the Plaintiffs' claims and
cross-claims against the Debtors in the Stuart's Action range from
$8 Million (Plaintiffs' claims) to $1.2 Million (Lister Defendants'
claims). 

Although the Debtors believed their defenses in the Nassau County
Action are valid and will be sustained, the Debtors found it
necessary that these claims must be liquidated prior to the
formulation and submission of a plan of reorganization, especially
in light of the aggregate amounts of the claims therein, which
would be approximately $9.2 million. 

The Debtors maintained that if such claims are adjudicated in the
plaintiff's and cross claimant's favors, it would drastically alter
the proposed payout to unsecured creditors in any plan -- as those
amounts would comprise approximately five times the next largest
unsecured creditor, Weihei Textile, who holds a claim of
approximately $1.9 million.

In addition, the IRS had filed an amended proof of claim in the
Debtors case, asserting a secured claim of $422,259 and an
unsecured claim of $12,346. However, on March 3, 2017, counsel for
the Debtor received a phone call from a Ms. B. Fisher of the IRS
who stated that there were additional taxes, interest and penalties
that were due to the IRS over and above the aforementioned amounts
set forth in the IRS's proof of claim. Ms. Fisher forwarded
documents to the Debtors' counsel that do not appear to reflect
additional tax liabilities, but rather duplicate the liabilities
reflected in the proof of claim. Counsel for the Debtors had since
conferred with the IRS' counsel in this case, AUSA Sharanya Mohan,
and the parties are in the process of resolving this matter.

                   About Level 8 Apparel

Level 8 Apparel LLC is an outerwear design, import/manufacturing
company that produces, among other things, men's and women's
outerwear garments.  It holds licenses to produce and sell Elie
Tahari men's outerwear, Tahari men's outerwear, and On Five men's
and women's apparel and outerwear.  It also has a private label
division, which produces apparel for large vertical retailers such
as Costco, Express, Urban Outfitters, Lane Bryant, and others.  Its
principal place of business is located at 250 West 39th Street,
Suite 502, New York, NY.

Level 8 Apparel LLC filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. S.D.N.Y.
Case No. 16-13164) on Nov. 14, 2016.  The petition was signed by
Frank Spadaro, president.  The case is assigned to Judge James L.
Garrity Jr.  At the time of filing, the Debtor estimated $1 million
to $10 million in both assets and liabilities.  The Debtor is
represented by Steven Soulios, Esq., Ruta Soulios Stratis LLP.

No trustee or examiner or statutory committee has been appointed in
the Chapter 11 case.


LUCKY # 5409: Wants to Move Plan Filing Deadline to August 8
------------------------------------------------------------
Lucky # 5409, Inc. and its affiliated Debtors ask the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Illinois to extend
the exclusive periods to file and confirm Chapter 11 plans of
reorganization to and including August 8, 2017 and October 6, 2017,
respectively.

The Court has previously extended the deadlines for the Debtors to
file and confirm a Chapter 11 plan to May 8, 2017 and July 6, 2017,
respectively. Now, the Debtors require further extension of their
exclusivity periods in order to allow for the resolution of their
litigation with IHOP Restaurants LLC in a related adversary
proceeding (Adv. No. 16-00547). 

The Debtors assert that the outcome of the adversary proceeding
between the Debtors and IHOP Restaurants directly affects the
substance of the Debtor's Chapter 11 plan. As such, the Debtors
cannot file and confirm a Chapter 11 plan until the adversary case
is resolved.

The Debtors submit that IHOP Restaurants LLC has agreed to the
requested exclusivity extension. 

A hearing on the Debtor's Motion will be held on May 4, 2017 at
10:00 a.m. 

                    About Lucky # 5409

Azhar Chaudhry is an individual and franchisee of an International
House of Pancakes restaurant located at 7240 W. 79th Street,
Bridgeview, Illinois 60455 (IHOP-Bridgeview). IHOP-Bridgeview is
operated through the corporate entity, Lucky # 5409, Inc. Chaudhry
is the sole shareholder and president of Lucky. IHOP Bridgeview's
day-to-day operations are run by the restaurant's manager, Ron
Matin.

Lucky # 5409, Inc. and Azhar Chaudhry sought protection under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D. Ill. Case No.
16-16264 and 16-16273) on May 13, 2016.  The cases are jointly
administered under Case No. 16-16264. The petitions were signed by
Azhar M. Chaudhry, president. The Debtors estimated assets at
$500,001 to $1 million and liabilities at $100,001 to $500,000 at
the time of the filing.

The Debtors are represented by Kevin H. Morse, Esq., at Arnstein &
Lehr LLP.  The Debtor hired Tax Consulting Inc. as accountant.


MACIEJ PAINT: Wants to Use Premier Bank Cash Until Aug. 31
----------------------------------------------------------
Judge Katherine A. Constantine of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
District of Minnesota will convene a hearing on May 10, 2017 at
9:30 a.m. to consider the use by Maciej Paint Corp., doing business
as Industrial Painting Specialists, Inc., of the cash collateral of
Premier Bank on an interim basis from May 21, 2017 to Aug. 31,
2017.

Objections, if any, must be filed on May 5, 2017.

The Debtor operates a painting shop.  It has been in business for
20 years.  Prebankruptcy assets consist of cash, accounts
receivable, office equipment, industrial equipment and inventory. 
The only creditor with an interest in cash collateral is Premier
Bank.

The Debtor's cash needs are set forth on the verified Rule 4001-2
Statement.  It needs to use cash collateral to meet its ordinary
expenses as estimated in the cash flow analysis, and will suffer
immediate and irreparable harm if it is unable to use cash
collateral. 

The Debtor's cash flow projections reflect these monthly expenses
from May 01, 2017 through Aug. 31, 2017:

                    Month Ending            Total Expenses
                    ------------            --------------
                    May 31, 2017              $173,068
                    June 30, 2017             $206,568
                    July 31, 2017             $173,068
                    Aug. 31, 2017             $173,068

The value of the Debtor's assets will not materially increase or
decrease over the period in which it seeks to use cash collateral.


The Debtor believes it will enter into a further cash collateral
Stipulation with Premier Bank which will provide adequate
protection to Premier Bank.

The Debtor and Premier Bank filed a Stipulation for the Use of Cash
Collateral and the Court conducted another hearing on the Debtor's
Motion on Feb. 8, 2017 and entered an Order to approve the Motion
and the Stipulation between the Debtor and Premier Bank.  The
Stipulation between the Debtor and Premier Bank expires May 20,
2017.  The Debtor needs the ongoing use of cash to operate its
business from May 21, 2017 to Aug. 31, 2017.  The Debtor may enter
into an extension of the Stipulation with Premier Bank.  The
parties are discussing a Stipulation but as of the date of the
filing of the Motion no agreement has been reached.

In the event a stipulation is reached prior to the hearing, the
Debtor will ask approval of the stipulation without further notice
or hearing and give notice to all interested parties.

The Debtor tenders the following as adequate protection of the
interest of the Secured Creditor: (i) the Debtor will use cash to
pay ordinary and necessary expenses and administrative expenses for
the items and in the amounts as estimated in Rule 4001-2 Statement.


Its actual use of funds will not vary materially from the terms set
forth in said Rule 4001-2 Statement; (ii) the Debtor will grant
Premier Bank a replacement lien, to the extent of the Debtor's use
of cash collateral, in all post-petition in the same type of lien
of Premier Bank in pre-petition assets including post-petition
cash, cash equivalent income, issues, profits, rents, accounts
receivable, instruments, contract rights, deposit accounts, books
and records, inventory, receivables and equipment; and (iii) the
Debtor will carry insurance on its assets.

The Debtor will continue to pay $11,463 per month to Premier Bank.


The Debtor asks the Court for an Order (i) authorizing the use of
Premier Bank's Cash Collateral; (ii) approving adequate protection;
and (iii) granting such other relief the Court deems just and
proper. 

A copy of the Debtor's cash flow projections attached to the Motion
is available for free at:

     http://bankrupt.com/misc/mnb17-30094_53_Cash_Maciej_Paint.pdf

Maciej Paint Corporation, d/b/a Industrial Painting Specialist,
Inc.,
filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr. D.MN. Case No.
17-30094) on Jan. 13, 2017.  The petition was signed by Carol
Maciej, president.  The Debtor is represented by Steven B. Nosek,
Esq., at the Law Office of Steven B. Nosek, PA.  The case is
assigned to Judge Katherine A. Constantine.  At the time of the
filing, the Debtor estimated $0 to $50,000 in assets and $1
million
to $10 million in liabilities.


MAHOPAC FARMS: Taps Goldberg Weprin as Legal Counsel
----------------------------------------------------
Mahopac Farms LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Eastern District of New York to hire legal counsel.

The Debtor proposes to hire Goldberg Weprin Finkel Goldstein LLP to
give legal advice regarding its responsibilities under the
Bankruptcy Code, and provide other legal services related to its
Chapter 11 case.

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     Partners              $550
     Associates     $250 - $425
     Paralegals      $90 - $120

Goldberg received a retainer in the amount of $10,000 prior to the
Debtor's bankruptcy filing. 

Kevin Nash, Esq., disclosed in a court filing that his firm does
not represent any creditor and is "sufficiently disinterested" to
serve as the Debtor's legal counsel.

The firm can be reached through:

     Kevin J. Nash, Esq.
     Goldberg Weprin Finkel Goldstein LLP
     1501 Broadway
     New York, NY 10036
     Tel: (212)-301-6943
     Fax: (212)-422-6836
     Email: Tdonovan@gwfglaw.com
     Email: knash@gwflglaw.com

                    About Mahopac Farms LLC

Mahopac Farms LLC operates the 24,000 square-foot Key Food
supermarket located at the Lake Plaza Shopping Center in Mahopac,
New York.

The Debtor sought protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code (Bankr. E.D.N.Y. Case No. 17-40678) on February 16, 2017.  The
petition was signed by Mike Hassen, manager.  

The case is assigned to Judge Elizabeth S. Stong.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor disclosed $1.84 million in
assets and $809,036 in liabilities. 


MARBLES HOLDINGS: CPO Files Report on Sale of PII
-------------------------------------------------
Elise S. Frejka, the Consumer Privacy Ombudsman, appointed for
Marbles Holdings, LLC, et al., has filed a Report with the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Illinois regarding
the proposed sale of personally identifiable information (PII) of
the Debtors' consumers to Spin Master, Ltd.

The Ombudsman believes that the recommendations in the Report, if
incorporated in any order approving the Sale, strike an appropriate
balance between the privacy rights of the consumers and practical
considerations associated with the sale of the Individual Customer
Information.

Moreover, the Ombudsman said the consumer information collected by
the Debtors is not of a sensitive nature because most of the
information is available from public sources. The Ombudsman noted
that the Debtors are not seeking authority to sell financial
information or credit or debit card numbers, which minimizes any
risk of identity theft associated with the Sale. In the Ombudsman's
opinion, the PII at issue does not rise to the level of requiring
affirmative opt-in consent to the Sale. However, the Report stated
that the scope of the PII to be transferred should be limited to
only those consumers who opted in to the receiving marketing
materials.

A full-text copy of the CPO Report is available for free at:

       http://bankrupt.com/misc/ilnb17-03309-248.pdf

                    About Marbles Holdings

Marbles LLC is a privately-held company engaged in the development,
curating, wholesaling and retail sale of unique brain-stimulating
games, puzzles, software, and books. Its principal place of
business and principal office are located at 1918 North Mendell
Street, Chicago, Illinois.

Marbles Holdings, LLC, along with Marbles LLC and Marbles Brain
Workshop, LLC, sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection (Bankr. N.D.
Ill. Lead Case No. 17-03309) on Feb. 3, 2017.

Adelman & Gettleman LTD. serves as bankruptcy counsel, while Garden
City Group LLC acts as noticing, claims and solicitation agent. The
Debtors have also tapped Hilco IP Services LLC dba Hilco Streambank
to help monetize its intellectual property, and Gordon Brothers
Retail Partners, LLC in connection with the store closing sales at
its retail stores.

At the time of the filing, Marbles Holdings and Marbles LLC
estimated assets of $1 million to $10 million and liabilities of
$10 to $50 million. Marbles Brain Workshop estimated assets of less
than $500,000 and liabilities of less than $50,000.

On February 13, 2017, the Office of the U.S. Trustee appointed an
official committee of unsecured creditors. Pachulski Stang Ziehl &
Jones LLP and Freeborn & Peters LLP serve as lead counsel and local
counsel to the committee, respectively. Berkeley Research Group,
LLC is the financial advisor.

No trustee or examiner has been appointed.


MASONITE INTERNATIONAL: Moody's Ups Corporate Family Rating to Ba2
------------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service upgraded Masonite International
Corporation's Corporate Family Rating to Ba2 from Ba3 and
Probability of Default Rating to Ba2-PD from Ba3-PD. Concurrently,
Moody's upgraded the rating on the company's $475 million 5.625%
senior unsecured notes to Ba3 from B1 and its Speculative-Grade
Liquidity (SGL) Rating to SGL-1 from SGL-2. The rating outlook was
changed to positive from stable.

The upgrade of the Corporate Family Rating to Ba2 reflects strong
and improved operating performance as well as Masonite's
conservative financial policy and prudent balance sheet management.
Moreover, the rating reflects that Moody's expects further
strengthening of the company's credit metrics over the next two
years as Masonite is not anticipated to divert from its current
operating strategy and financial policy. Over the next 12 to 18
months, Moody's projects Masonite's debt to EBITDA to remain below
2.0x, EBITA to interest expense to be greater than 6.0x, and EBITA
margins to reach 11.0%. All of these metrics will be strong for the
Ba2 rating category. Moody's expects operating performance to
continue to benefit from Masonite's focus on investing in its
infrastructure, digital capabilities, and transforming its ability
to interface with customers. In addition, Masonite's ability to be
the trend-setter in its industry, both in technology and door
design, is expected to continue to provide a boost to its revenues
above the average industry growth rate. The company has been able
to execute most of these initiatives over the last couple of years
with no new debt capital, resulting in rapidly improving financial
results and key credit metrics that warrant the upgrade with a
positive outlook.

The following rating actions were taken:

Corporate Family Rating, upgraded to Ba2 from Ba3;

Probability of Default Rating, upgraded to Ba2-PD from Ba3-PD;

$475 million 5.625% senior unsecured notes due 2023, upgraded to
Ba3 (LGD4) from B1 (LGD4);

Speculative-Grade Liquidity Rating, upgraded to SGL-1 from SGL-2;

The rating outlook was changed to positive from stable.

RATINGS RATIONALE

Masonite's Ba2 Corporate Family Rating is supported by its
conservative financial policy, strong balance sheet, and good
credit metrics that continue to improve. Debt to EBITDA was 2.4x at
the end of 2016 and Moody's projects this figure to decline below
2.0x over the next 12 to 18 months. The company has taken a prudent
approach to debt this economic cycle with only $475 million of
unadjusted debt on its balance sheet in the form of an unsecured
note and EBITA interest coverage that Moody's projects to exceed
6.0x in the next 18 months. The rating is further supported by
Masonite's strong market position as one of only two vertically
integrated interior molded door manufacturers in North America. Its
strong competitive position has and will continue to benefit from
innovative uses of technology, a customer-focused operating model,
and trend-setting products. Masonite has significantly improved
profitability over the past several years, with EBITA margins of
9.3% at the end of 2016 up from 2.0% in 2012, and Moody's expects
further expansion to 11.0% by 2018 as the company uses automation
and facility redesigns to drive efficiency by reducing labor cost
and maximizing economies of scale. The rating also considers
Masonite's globally diversified sales, 35% of which come outside of
the United States, and growing free cash flow generation. Moody's
projects Masonite to generate over $300 million of free cash flow
in fiscal 2017 and 2018 combined.

At the same time, the Ba2 rating considers Masonite's cyclical end
markets. It derives 40% of its revenues from residential new
construction, 45% from repair and remodeling, and 15% from
architectural (commercial) construction. Downturns in the
construction sector have been very pronounced in the past, however,
in the short term this risk is mitigated by a continued recovery in
US single family home construction and to a lesser extent, repair
and remodeling. Additionally, the rating considers Masonite's
historically active acquisition strategy. While the company will
prioritize organic investment in using its free cash flow, Moody's
expects it to also devote some to bolt-on acquisitions as well as
for returns to shareholders.

The company's Speculative-Grade Liquidity ("SGL") Rating of SGL-1
reflects Moody's expectations that the company's liquidity profile
will remain very good over the next 12 months. The SGL rating takes
into consideration internal liquidity, external liquidity, covenant
compliance and alternate sources of liquidity. Moody's projects the
company to be able to cover all working capital and maintenance
CAPEX from its funds from operations in each quarter in 2017,
generating over $150 million of free cash flow. Its liquidity
position is supported by its existing $72 million cash balance at
year end 2016 and from a lack of debt maturities until its notes
mature in 2023.

Masonite's SGL rating is also supported by its $150 million
asset-based revolver expiring in April 2020 that had no outstanding
borrowings at the end of 2016. The revolver is subject to borrowing
base limitations however, and had $130 million available for
borrowing at year end. The facility is secured by a first lien on
the US and Canadian accounts receivables and inventory, excluding
any receivables the company borrows against via its accounts
receivables sales facility. The principal covenant in the bank
credit agreement is a springing fixed charge coverage test of 1.0x
that is tested if the revolver's availability falls below $10
million. Moody's does not expects this to be tested but if it were,
Masonite would be comfortably in compliance with a fixed charge
ratio of 4.9x at the end of 2016. Masonite's debt capital structure
is largely unsecured, giving the company alternative liquidity
options should they become necessary.

The positive outlook reflects Moody's expectations that Masonite
will continue to improve profitability while maintaining its strong
liquidity profile and low debt leverage as it benefits from end
market growth and its operational improvements.

The company's ratings could be upgraded if the company's sales grow
past $2 billion, tangible equity increases above $500 million and
gross margins expand above 24%. Furthermore, the ratings upgrade
would require the company to maintain its conservative financial
policy, including maintaining debt to EBITDA below 3x, limiting
shareholder returns, prioritizing cash flow for internal use, and
avoiding large debt funded acquisitions.

Ratings could be downgraded if: 1) Masonite's debt to EBITDA
increases and is sustained above 3x and EBITA to interest expense
falls below 4x; 2) the company engages in substantial debt funded
acquisitions and/or shareholder friendly transactions that alter
the company's capital structure, financial policy, and/or operating
strategy; 3) the company's profitability and liquidity
deteriorate.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Global
Manufacturing Companies published in July 2014. 

Masonite International Corporation is one of the largest
manufacturers of doors in the world. It offers interior and
exterior doors for both residential and commercial end uses.
Revenues for 12 months ended January 1, 2017 totaled almost $2.0
billion.



MENCO PACIFIC: Sale of 14 Vehicles to CarMax Approved
-----------------------------------------------------
Judge Maureen A. Tighe of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Central
District of California authorized Menco Pacific, Inc.'s sale of 14
vehicles to CarMax.

A hearing on the Motion was held on April 7, 2017, at 9:30 a.m.

The vehicles being sold are: (i) Chevrolet Silverado 1500 4D
Extended Cab, VIN 1GCRCPE0XBZ382469; (ii) 2011-Chevrolet Silverado
1500 4D Extended Cab, VIN 1GCRCPE01BZ208497; (iii) 2011-Chevrolet
Silverado 2500 4D Extended Cab , VIN 1GC2CVCG9BZ466238; (iv)
2011-Chevrolet Silverado 2500 4D Extended Cab, VIN
1GC2CVCG0BZ457380; (v) 2012-Chevrolet Equinox 4D Sport Utility LS,
VIN 2GNALBEK7C6337303; (vi) 2012-Chevrolet Silverado 2500 4D
Extended Cab, VIN 1GC2CVCGXCZ274134; (vii) 2012-Chevrolet Silverado
2500 4D Extended Cab, VIN 1GC2CXCG7CZ336620; (viii) 2013-Chevrolet
Silverado 2500 4D Extended Cab, VIN 1GC2CVCGXDZ242365; (ix)
2013-Chevrolet Silverado 1500 4D Extended Cab, VIN
1GCRCPEA5DZ159364; (x) 2011-Chevrolet Silverado 2500 4D Extended
Cab, VIN 1GC2CVCG0BZ465429; (xi) 2013-Chevrolet Silverado 1500 4D
Extended Cab, VIN 1GCRCREA4DZ130174; (xii) 2013-Chevrolet Silverado
2500 4D Extended Cab, VIN 1GC2CVCG7DZ260287; (xiii) 2012-Jeep Grand
Cherokee SRT8 Sport Utility 4D, VIN 1C4RJFDJ2CC111789; and (xiv)
2012-Trailer, VIN 4RACS1218CK047656.

The sale is free and clear of any and all liens, claims,
encumbrances and interests affecting the Vehicles, including free
and clear of any and all writs of attachment in favor of Jon
Blumenthal issued by the Superior Court of California, County of
San Diego, in case number 37-2015-00038113-CUBC-CTL.

The Debtor is authorized to expend up to $2,500 of the sale
proceeds for transportation of the Vehicles to CarMax with the
remaining sale proceeds to be placed in a segregated cash
collateral account with no disbursement until further Court Order.

Other than the Transportation Costs, any and all liens, claims and
encumbrances affecting the Vehicles will attach to the proceeds
realized from the sale thereof with the same priority, validity and
effect as those liens, claims and encumbrances had immediately
prior to the filing date of these chapter 11 proceedings.

The automatic stay provisions of 11 U.S.C. Section are modified to
the extent necessary to permit the consummation of the transactions
contained in the Order.

                     About Menco Pacific

Menco Pacific, Inc., sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. C.D. Cal. Case No. 16-12791) on Sept. 26,
2016.  The petition was signed by Oscar Ruben
Mendoza, president.  The case is assigned to Hon. Maureen Tighe. 
At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
liabilities at $1 million to $10 million.


MICHAEL D. COHEN: Appeal Delays Plan Filing Until January 2018
--------------------------------------------------------------
Michael D. Cohen, M.D., P.A. and Michael David Cohen and Shari Lee
Cohen seek from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Maryland an extension of their exclusive plan filing period and
their exclusive plan solicitation period through and including
January 31, 2018, and February 26, 2018, respectively.

The Debtors claim that their cases are inextricably intertwined,
considering that the main creditors of the Cohens also are
creditors of Michael D. Cohen, M.D., P.A., and the Cohens cannot
reorganize their financial affairs without Dr. Cohen's income from
Michael D. Cohen, M.D., P.A. The Debtors therefore anticipate
filing a joint Chapter 11 plan of reorganization at the appropriate
time. 

The Debtors relate that the need for bankruptcy relief arose from
enforcement of a judgment obtained in a suit filed in 2012 against
the Debtors in the Circuit Court for Baltimore County, by Dawn
Richardson, a former non-physician employee. Ms. Richardson claimed
ownership and lost profits in a company known as Skin, Inc. 

The Debtors further relate that in May 2016, the Circuit Court
entered a judgment against the Debtors for $1,275,000.
Subsequently, on September 9, 2016, the Debtors filed a notice of
appeal, and relief from the automatic stay has been granted by the
Bankruptcy Court for the limited purpose of permitting the
prosecution of the Appeal to proceed in the Maryland Court of
Special Appeals. 

The Debtors submits that the briefs are already in the process of
being filed in the Appeal, and oral argument is scheduled for
October 2017. The appellate counsel for the Debtors expects that a
decision may be rendered in or about January 2018. 

Accordingly, the Debtors need to have the Exclusive Periods
extended until the Appeal is decided by the Maryland Court of
Special Appeals because the outcome of the Appeal will
significantly impact the requirements of a Chapter 11 plan.  The
Debtors also need additional time to continue its efforts to
improve the financial performance of the medical practice.

              About Michael D. Cohen, M.D., P.A.

Based in Maryland, Michael D. Cohen, M.D., P.A. d/b/a Cosmetic
Surgery Center of Maryland d/b/a Belcara Health, d/b/a Belcara, is
a professional corporation engaged in the business of providing
various physician services to its patients, including but not
limited to services in the areas of plastic surgery, dermatology,
and podiatry.  Michael D. Cohen, M.D., is the sole shareholder of
the Debtor.  Shari L. Cohen, Dr. Cohen's wife, is responsible for
the business administration of the Debtor's medical practice.

Michael D. Cohen, M.D. and his wife, Shari L. Cohen jointly filed a
joint Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. D. Md. Case No. 16-21513) on Aug.
26, 2016.

The Company filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Md. Case No. 16-22231) on Sept. 12,
2016.  The Debtor estimated assets in the range of $100,000 to
$500,000 and liabilities in the range of $1 million to $10 million
as of the bankruptcy filing.  The Debtors cases are jointly
administered under (Bankr. D. Md. Case No. 16-22231).

The Company is represented by Irving Edward Walker, Esq., at Cole
Schotz P.C.

The Cohens are represented by Yumkas, Vidmar, Sweeney & Mulrenin,
LLC.


MIDWEST ASPHALT: Wants Exclusivity Period Extended By 120 Days
--------------------------------------------------------------
Midwest Asphalt Corporation asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
District of Minnesota for a 120-day extension to the deadline for
the Debtor to file a plan for reorganization.

The Debtor's Plan exclusivity period is set to expire May 12, 2017,
absent an extension.

The Court will hold a hearing on the Debtor's request at 10:00 a.m.
on May 10, 2017.

The Debtor says that the size and complexity of its case warrants
extra time to work through and address the various issues involved.
An extension will grant all parties the opportunity to gain
critical information regarding the Debtor's performance through its
busy season, negotiate with creditors, find financing (if needed),
and put forth a confirmable plan. 

The Debtor as a construction contractor with tens of millions of
dollars in gross annual sales has presented the Court with novel
legal issues resulting in multiple hearings and memoranda exploring
the issues.  The aggressive involvement of a key creditor has also
increased the complexity of the case and taxed the resources of the
Debtor.  The primary secured creditor Callidus Capital has objected
to nearly every single motion sought by the Debtor.  The actively
adversarial nature of this case has resulted in numerous hearings
for individual motions and sub-motions.  Callidus Capital has
insisted on exercising, if not exceeding, the limits of authority
granted by the Court to examine the Debtor.  As the Debtor has
expressed in prior motions, Callidus Capital has overwhelmed the
Debtor with onerous requests for information and clarifications --
including hours of depositions and daily on-site visits. 
Responding to the every whim of Callidus Capital has taxed the
Debtor's limited resources.  

The Debtor's role as a construction contractor brings the
complicating issue of mechanics liens into the bankruptcy context. 
This has resulted in multiple hearings on payment of prepetition
claims, requiring exploration of novel legal issues and extensive
financial documentation.  The seasonality of the Debtor's business
has also complicated the cash collateral issue by resulting in
demand for extensive financial projections and monitoring. 

The Debtor is now entering its busy season, and the ability for the
Debtor to successfully reorganize is dependent upon a successful
busy season.  The Debtor tells the Court that extending the
Exclusivity Period through the Debtor's busy period will clarify
the Debtor's actual performance during this critical period and
permit all parties to consider a plan for reorganization with a
better understanding of the relevant financial factors.

The Debtor has made good faith progress towards reorganization
(arranging DIP financing, making personnel changes, and shoring up
customer and vendor relationships), has been paying bills as they
become due, and has not made any previous requests for extension.

The Debtor assures the Court that it has made significant progress
towards reorganization.  However, the Debtor cannot reasonably
prepare a plan for reorganization under the circumstances by May
12, 2017.  Presentation of alternate plans by other parties would
further undermine the already fragile relationships upon which the
Debtor's successful reorganization relies.  

The motion for Exclusive Period extension was filed by the Debtor's
counsel:

     Thomas J. Flynn, Esq.
     Alexander J. Beeby, Esq.
     LARKIN HOFFMAN DALY & LINDGREN LTD.
     8300 Norman Center Drive, Suite 1000
     Minneapolis, Minnesota 55437-1060
     Tel: (952) 835-3800 
     E-mail: tflynn@larkinhoffman.com
             abeeby@larkinhoffman.com

                      About Midwest Asphalt

Midwest Asphalt Corporation, based in Hopkins, Minnesota, filed a
Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. D. Minn. Case No. 17-40075) on Jan. 12,
2017.  The petition was signed by Blair Bury, president.  The
Debtor is represented by Thomas Flynn, Esq., at Larkin Hoffman. The
case is assigned to Judge Katherine A. Constantine.  

The Debtor estimated assets and debt at $10 million to $50 million
at the time of the filing.

Daniel M. McDermott, the U.S. Trustee for Region 12, on Feb. 2,
2017, appointed two creditors of Midwest Asphalt Corporation to
serve on the official committee of unsecured creditors.  The
committee members are: (1) WD Larson/Allstate Peterbilt; and (2)
Tiller Corporation.  The U.S. Trustee, on March 16, 2017, added
LSREF2 Cobalt LLC to the Committee.

The Committee tapped Matthew R. Burton, Esq. at Leonard, O'Brien,
Spencer Gale & Sayre, Ltd., as legal counsel.


MILLER MARINE: U.S. Trustee Unable to Appoint Committee
-------------------------------------------------------
An official committee of unsecured creditors has not yet been
appointed in the Chapter 11 case of Miller Marine Yacht Service,
Inc., as of April 28, according to a court docket.

               About Miller Marine Yacht Services

Miller Marine Yacht Services, Inc. filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy
petition (Bankr. N.D. Fla. Case No. 17-50113) on March 31, 2017. 
The petition was signed by Willian M. Miller, president.  The
Debtor disclosed total assets of $3.3 million and total liabilities
of $2.03 million.  The Hon. Karen K. Specie presides over the case.
The Debtor is represented by Charles M. Wynn, Esq. at Charles M.
Wynn Law Offices, PA.


MOLYCORP MINERALS: ERP-led Auction of All U.S. Assets on June 14
----------------------------------------------------------------
Paul E. Harner, Trustee of Molycorp Minerals, LLC and affiliates
ask the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware to
authorize the bidding procedures in connection with sale of
Minerals Debtors' assets within the United States to ERP Strategic
Minerals, LLC for $1,200,000.

A hearing on the Motion is set for May 15, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. (ET).
Objection deadline is May 8, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. (ET).  The Sale
Hearing is set for June 23, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. (ET).

The principal assets of the Minerals Debtors are surface rights and
certain mineral rights to a rare earth minerals mine and a rare
earth extraction facility located in San Bernardino County,
California ("Mountain Pass Mine").  The Mountain Pass Mine was
devoted to extracting rare earth minerals and producing rare earth
concentrates, rare earth oxides and SorbX and PhosFIX, a line of
proprietary rare earth-based water treatment products.  The
products generated by the Minerals Debtors were used in oil
refinery catalyst, automotive, water purification and hybrid and
electric vehicle applications.  During these chapter 11 cases, the
Mountain Pass Mine was transitioned into a state of care and
maintenance pursuant to a limited operations plan required by the
Minerals Debtors and 15 of their affiliates ("Plan Debtors")'s
postpetition financing facility.  

The Trustee was appointed in these cases and charged with one
primary task: to actively pursue a sale of the assets of the
Minerals Debtors associated with the rare earth minerals mine and
processing facility ("Processing Facility") located in the Mountain
Pass Mine in order (a) to maximize the value of the Minerals
Debtors' estates for the benefit of all creditors, and (b) to
achieve, if possible, maintenance of the Mountain Pass Mine as a
going concern, to avoid triggering substantial environmental
reclamation and remediation obligations.

Nevertheless, following a comprehensive sales and marketing
processes overseen by the Trustee, the Trustee has reached
agreement with the Stalking Horse Bidder to acquire substantially
all of the assets of the Minerals Debtors associated with the
Mountain Pass Mine, and to assume substantially all of the
environmental obligations and liabilities without any contingencies
associated with acquisition by the Stalking Horse Bidder of the
Oaktree Equipment or the Mineral Rights.  It is the understanding
of the Trustee, however, that the Stalking Horse Bidder is in
active discussions to acquire the balance of the equipment
associated with the Processing Facility, owned by OCM MLYCo CTB
Ltd. and leased to the Minerals Debtors ("Oaktree Equipment"); and
believes it can operate the Processing Facility without the Mineral
Rights, if that ultimately proves necessary.

The relevant dates and proposed deadlines in connection with the
Bidding Procedures and Sale are:

          a. May 8, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. - Deadline for objections to
the Bidding Procedures;

          b. May 15, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. (ET) - Bidding Procedures
Hearing;

          c. May 19, 2017 - Proposed deadline for filing and
service of the Assumption and Assignment Notice; and Date of
publication of the notice of Auction;

          d. May 29, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. - Deadline for filing
objections to the assumption and assignment of executory contracts
and unexpired leases and proposed cure amounts, except as to
adequate assurance of future performance;

          e. June 9, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. - Deadline for filing
objections to the Sale; and Deadline for filing objections to the
proposed assumption and assignment of executory contracts and
unexpired leases on adequate assurance grounds; 

          f. June 12, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. - Deadline for submitting
Qualified Bids due with good faith Deposit, proof of financial
ability to pay and mark-up of the Purchase Agreement; 

          g. June 14, 2017 - Auction to take place at the
Philadelphia offices of Ballard Spahr LLP; 

          h. June 19, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. - Deadline to submit
supplemental objections based solely on issues arising from the
Auction; 

          i. June 21, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. - Deadline for Trustee to
file replies to objections;

          j. June 23, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. - Sale Hearing; and

          k. July 6, 2017 - Proposed Closing Date. 

The Trustee's sale process is being managed by Batuta Capital
Advisors, LLC.  Batuta's strategy was to conduct a focused
marketing effort to identify parties best suited to serve as a
stalking horse bidder in connection with a project of this type. 
It is through these efforts that Batuta has identified the Stalking
Horse Bidder as a potential purchaser.  Following initial
negotiations, the Minerals Debtors and the Stalking Horse Bidder
have executed an Asset Purchase Agreement.

The salient terms of the Purchase Agreement are:

          a. Purchaser: The Stalking Horse Bidder/Purchaser

          b. Sellers: The Trustee, on behalf of the Minerals
Debtors

          c. Purchased Assets: The Purchaser will acquire from the
Minerals Debtors all of the Purchased Assets

          d. Assumed Liabilities: the Purchaser will assume the
following liabilities and obligations of the Minerals Debtors: (i)
all Liabilities arising and accruing on or after the Closing from
the ownership or operation of the Purchased Assets by Purchaser;
(ii) all Liabilities of the Debtors under the Purchased Contracts;
(iii) all Environmental Liabilities, except for Excluded
Pre-Closing Fines; (iv) all Mining Liabilities, except for Excluded
PreClosing Fines; (v) any Transfer Taxes; and (vi) all Liabilities
to the extent specifically listed on a schedule to the Purchase
Agreement. 

          e. Purchase Price: $1,200,000, in cash, plus the
assumption of the Assumed Liabilities

          f. Deposit: $500,000

          g. Liens and Encumbrances: Free and clear of all liens
and and Excluded Liabilities

          h. "As Is, Where Is" Transaction: The Sale will be on an
"as is, where is" basis and the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees
that the Trustee is not making any representations or warranties
whatsoever, express or implied.

          i. Expense Reimbursement: Not to exceed $150,000

          j. Expenses: Each of the Trustee and Purchaser will bear
its own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and
execution of the Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the
consummation of the Transaction and all proceedings incident
thereto. 

          k. Closing Date: No later than five business days
following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Closing

The salient terms of  bidding procedures proposed by the Plan
Debtors and approved by the Court in connection with the Purchase
Agreement are:

          a. Bid Deadline: June 12, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. (ET)

          b. Good Faith Deposit: 10% of the proposed purchase
price

          c. Auction: June 14, 2017 at  10:00 a.m. (ET) at the
offices of Ballard Spahr LLP, 1735 Market Street, 48th Floor,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

          d. Minimum Overbid: The bidding will start at the
purchase price, plus the Expense Reimbursement for the Stalking
Horse Bidder, plus $50,000, and other terms proposed in the
Baseline Bid, and will proceed thereafter in increments of
$50,000.

          e. "As Is, Where Is":  The Sale will be on an "as is,
where is" basis and without representations or warranties of any
kind, nature or description by the Trustee, the Minerals Debtors,
their agents or the bankruptcy estates.

A copy of the Purchase Agreement and the Bidding Procedures
attached to the Motion is available for free at:

         http://bankrupt.com/misc/Molycorp_Minerals_253_Sales.pdf 

The Trustee believes that the Bidding Procedures are appropriately
tailored to ensure that the bidding process is fair and reasonable
and will yield the maximum value for the Minerals Debtors' estates
and creditors.  Accordingly, the Trustee believes the Court should
approve the Bidding Procedures.

As part of the Bidding Procedures Order, the Trustee is also asking
authority to enter, if applicable, into the Purchase Agreement and
to pay the Expense Reimbursement to such Stalking Horse Bidder. 
The Expense Reimbursement is designed to compensate the Stalking
Horse Bidder for the substantial investment of time and a
significant commitment of resources necessary to negotiate and
prepare the Transaction Documents, the Motion, the Bidding
Procedures Order, and the Sale Order.

As part of the Sale, the Debtors may assume and assign certain of
their executory contracts and unexpired leases to one or more
Purchasers.  The deadline for objecting to the assumption and
assignment of the applicable Assumed and Assigned Agreement will be
no less than one day prior to the Sale Hearing.  The Trustee
submits that the Assumption and Assignment Notice provides adequate
notice of the proposed assumption and assignment of counterparties'
contracts and/or leases and should be approved. 

The Trustee has a sound business justification for the Sale of the
Purchased Assets.  Not only is the proposed Sale the best method of
maximizing the recovery for the creditors, it may be the only means
for those creditors to obtain a cash distribution in these cases. 
The fairness and reasonableness of the consideration to be paid by
the Successful Bidder will be demonstrated by adequate "market
exposure" and an open and fair auction process—the best means for
establishing whether a fair and reasonable price is being paid. 
Accordingly, the Trustee asks the Court to approve the relief
requested, and grant such other and further relief as the Court
deems proper.

The Purchaser can be reached at:

          ERP STRATEGIC MINERALS, LLC
          15 Appledore Lane
          Natural Bridge, VA 24578
          Attn: Thomas M. Clarke
          E-mail: tom.clarke@kissito.org

The Purchaser is represented by:

          Oscar N. Pinkas, Esq.
          DENTONS US LLP
          1221 Avenue of the Americas
          New York, NY 10020
          E-mail: oscar.pinkas@dentons.com

             About Molycorp Inc. and Molycorp Minerals

Molycorp Inc. -- http://www.molycorp.com/-- is a global rare    
earths and rare metals producer.  Molycorp owns several prominent
are earth processing facilities around the world.  It has a
workforce of 2,530 employees at locations on three continents. 
Molycorp's Mountain Pass Rare Earth Facility in San Bernadino
County, California, is home to one of the world's largest and
richest deposits of rare earths.

Molycorp has corporate offices in the United States, Canada and
China.  CEO Geoffrey R. Bedford, and other senior management
members are located in Molycorp's corporate offices in Toronto,
Canada.  Other senior management members are located at its U.S.
corporate headquarters in Greenwood Village, Colorado.

Molycorp and its North American subsidiaries, together with
certain of its non-operating subsidiaries outside of North 
America, filed
Chapter 11 voluntary petitions in Delaware (Bankr. D. Del. Lead
Case No. 15-11357) on June 25, 2015, after reaching agreement with
a group of lenders on a financial restructuring. 
The Chapter 11 cases of Molycorp and 20 affiliated debts are
pending before Judge Christopher S. Sontchi.

The agreement provides for a financial restructuring of the
Company's $1.7 billion in debt and provides up to $225 million in
gross proceeds in new financing to support operations while the
Company completes negotiations with creditors.

The Company's operations outside of North America, with the
exception of non-operating companies in Luxembourg and Barbados,
are excluded from the filings.  Molycorp Rare Metals (Oklahoma),
LLC, with operations in Quapaw, Oklahoma, also is excluded from
the filings as it is not 100% owned by the Company.

Molycorp retained investment banking firm Miller Buckfire & Co.
and financial advisory firm AlixPartners, LLP.  Jones Day and
Young,
Conaway, Stargatt & Taylor LLP served as legal counsel to the
Company in this process.  Prime Clerk serves as claims and
noticing agent.

Secured creditor Oaktree Capital Management L.P., consented to the
use of cash collateral and to extend postpetition financing.

On July 8, 2015, the U.S. trustee overseeing the Chapter 11 case
of
Molycorp Inc. appointed eight creditors of the company to serve on
the official committee of unsecured creditors.  The Creditors
Committee tapped Ashby & Geddes, P.A. and Paul Hastings LLP as
attorneys.  On Nov. 9, the U.S. Trustee disbanded the committee
following the resignation of committee members Wilmington Savings
Fund Society FSB, MP Environmental Services Inc., Computershare
Trust Company of Canada, Veolia Water North America Operating
Services LLC, Delaware Trust Company, Wazee Street Capital
Management, Plymouth Lane Partners (Master) LP, and United
Steelworkers.

                          *     *     *

Molycorp, Inc.'s Fourth Joint Amended Plan of Reorganization has
been confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Delaware.  The Plan contemplates two possible outcomes: (1) the
sale of substantially all of the Debtors' assets if certain
conditions set forth in the Plan are satisfied and (2) (a) the
sale of the assets associated with the Debtors' Mountain Pass 
mining
facility in San Bernardino County, California; and (b)  the
stand-alone reorganization around the Debtors' other three
business units. 

Judge Christopher Sontchi of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
District of Delaware on April 8, 2016, issued a findings of fact,
conclusions of law, and order confirming the Fourth Amended Joint
Plan of Reorganization of Molycorp, Inc., and its debtor
affiliates.

On April 13, 2016, Judge Sontchi directed the appointment of a
Chapter 11 trustee to oversee the operations of Industrial
Minerals LLC, Molycorp Advance Water Technologies LLC, Molycorp 
Minerals LLC, PP IV Mountain Pass II Inc., PP IV Mountain Pass 
Inc., and RCF Speedwagon Inc.  Each of the bankruptcy cases of 
the companies are no longer jointly administered with Molycorp's 
case
under Case No. 15-11357.

On May 2, 2016, the Court entered an order in the Molycorp
Minerals Debtors' cases approving the appointment of Paul E. 
Harner as chapter 11 trustee for Molycorp Mineral Debtors' 
bankruptcy estates. 

On Aug. 31, 2016, Molycorp reported that its confirmed Fourth
Joint Amended Plan became effective as of that date.  Molycorp
emerged from Chapter 11 protection as a newly reorganized
business, now known as Neo Performance Materials.


N-STYLE PERSPECTIVE: Taps Donahoe & Young as Legal Counsel
----------------------------------------------------------
N-Style Perspective, Inc. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Central District of California to hire legal counsel
in connection with its Chapter 11 case.

The Debtor proposes to hire Donahoe & Young LLP to, among other
things, assist in negotiating transactions affecting property of
its bankruptcy estate, and assist in the preparation and
implementation of a bankruptcy plan. 

The firm will charge $500 per hour for the services of its senior
partners; $375 per hour for junior partners; $300 per hour for
associate or consultant attorneys; $100 to $150 per hour for law
clerks and paralegals; and $60 per hour for non-attorney legal
assistants. 

As of April 25, Donahoe received a total of $8,000 as retainer. 
The firm will receive an additional payment of $2,000, according to
its agreement with the Debtor.

Mark Young, Esq., at Donahoe, disclosed in a court filing that his
firm does not hold or represent any interest adverse to the Debtor
or its bankruptcy estate.

The firm can be reached through:

     Mark T. Young, Esq. 
     Taylor F. Williams, Esq.
     Donahoe & Young LLP
     25152 Springfield Court, Suite 345
     Valencia, CA 91355-1081
     Tel: 661.259.9000 
     Fax: 661.554.7088
     Email: myoung@donahoeyoung.com 
     Email: twilliams@donahoeyoung.com

                 About N-Style Perspective Inc.

Based in Valencia, California, N-Style Perspective Inc. designs and
produces graphics for motorsports vehicles.  N-Style sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. C.D.
Calif. Case No. 17-14020) on April 1, 2017.  The petition was
signed by Robert A. Healy, president.  The case is assigned to
Judge Barry Russell.  At the time of the filing, the Debtor
estimated assets of less than $500,000 and liabilities of $1
million to $10 million.


NEW YORK CRANE: Committee Taps Dominion Aircraft as Broker
----------------------------------------------------------
The official committee of unsecured creditors of New York Crane &
Equipment Corp. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Eastern District of New York to hire a broker.

The committee proposes to hire Dominion Aircraft, Inc. in
connection with the sale of an aircraft owned by LJ Ventures LLC.

As compensation, the firm will get 5% of the gross sales price to
be paid at closing, and will receive reimbursement for work-related
expenses. 

The term of the employment agreement will be for a period of three
months, and can be extended for another month until terminated by
either Dominion Aircraft or the committee, or until the aircraft is
sold.

Dominion Aircraft President Oreste Scioscia, Sr. disclosed in a
court filing that his firm is a "disinterested person" as defined
in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Oreste V. Scioscia, Sr.
     Dominion Aircraft, Inc.
     815 7th Street 
     McKees Rocks, PA 15136
     Tel: 412-331-4969 
     Mobile: 412-996-9990
     Fax: 412-771-7027 
     Email: rusty@airview.com

                      About New York Crane

New York Crane & Equipment Corp., J.F. Lomma Inc. (De.), J.F. Lomma
Inc. (N.J.), and James F. Lomma filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy
petitions (Bankr. E.D.N.Y. Lead Case No. 16-40043) on Jan. 6, 2016.


The corporate Debtors operate crane, trucking and rigging companies
doing business in New York City and other parts of the country. 
The petitions were signed by James F. Lomma as president.  New York
Crane & Equipment disclosed total assets of $9.8 million and total
debts of $22.05 million.  Judge Carla E. Craig presides over the
cases. 

The Debtors have hired Goldberg Weprin Finkel Goldstein LLP as
their counsel; LaMonica Herbst & Maniscalco, LLP as special
counsel; Robert L. Friedbauer CPA PC as accountant; Marcum LLP as
financial advisor; and Pro Star Pilatus Center LLC as Broker in
relation to  an Aircraft Remarketing Agreement. 

James Lomma is the president and sole shareholder of the corporate
Debtors.  The Debtors employ LaMonica Herbst & Maniscalco, LLP as 
special litigation and conflicts counsel to James F. Lomma. 

On February 12, 2016, the Office of the U.S. Trustee appointed an
official committee of unsecured creditors.  The committee tapped
Togut, Segal & Segal LLP as its counsel.

On December 9, 2016, the Debtors filed an amended disclosure
statement, which explains their proposed Chapter 11 plan of
reorganization.  The plan proposes to pay general unsecured
creditors in full.


NOBLE HOLDING: Moody's Lowers Corporate Family Rating to B2
-----------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service downgraded the Corporate Family Rating
(CFR) and senior unsecured debt ratings of Noble Holding
International Limited and Noble Drilling Corporation, the rated
subsidiaries of Noble Corporation (Noble, Cayman Island) to B2 from
B1. At the same time, Moody's downgraded NHIL's Probability of
Default Rating to B2-PD from B1-PD and affirmed NHIL's SGL-2
Speculative Grade Liquidity Rating. The rating outlook is
negative.

"The downgrade to B2 reflects Noble's deteriorating credit metrics
in 2017 and 2018 due to low utilization rates and a weak
re-contracting market that is likely to persist well into 2018,
potentially driving leverage to near 10x," noted John Thieroff,
Moody's Vice President. "The negative outlook reflects Noble's
challenge in late 2018 into early 2019 as it seeks to negotiate a
new credit facility with the potential that liquidity could be
significantly diminished from its current good level as a result."

Issuer: Noble Holding International Limited

Downgrades:

-- Corporate Family Rating, Downgraded to B2 from B1

-- Probability of Default Rating, Downgraded to B2-PD from B1-PD

-- Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debentures, Downgraded to B2 
    (LGD 4) from B1 (LGD 4)

-- Backed Senior Unsec. Shelf, Downgraded to (P)B2 from (P)B1

Affirmed:

-- Speculative Grade Liquidity Rating, Affirmed SGL-2

Outlook Actions:

-- Outlook, changed to Negative from Stable

Issuer: Noble Drilling Corporation

Downgrades:

-- Backed Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Downgraded to 
    B2 (LGD 4) from B1 (LGD 4)

RATINGS RATIONALE

Noble's B2 CFR reflects the company's deteriorating leverage,
margins and cash flow metrics in 2017 and 2018 as its contracted
revenue backlog rolls off and rigs are re-contracted at lower
dayrates while overall fleet utilization remains at historically
low levels. The B2 rating is supported by the company's relatively
newer rig fleet that is predominantly high specification, placing
Noble in a good competitive position to operate in all major global
offshore markets without requiring significant further capital
investments. The rating is also supported by the company's
contracted revenue backlog which provides a measure of downside
protection in 2017 and, to a lesser extent, 2018, its good
liquidity and manageable debt maturities through 2019. The
company's agreement with Shell is favorable, establishing a minimum
dayrate for three of its drillships through at least April 2022,
which provides some buffer from very low spot market pricing.

Noble's SGL-2 rating reflects the company's good liquidity through
mid-2018. At December 31, 2016, the company had $726 million of
cash and full availability under its $2.4 billion unsecured
revolving credit facility. The revolver matures in January 2020 and
has a covenant limiting the ratio of debt to total tangible
capitalization (as defined in the agreement) to 60%. The company
has good headroom under this covenant, which Moody's expects to be
maintained through the first half of 2018. Moody's expects Noble to
generate modest free cash flow in 2017, in part due to considerably
reduced capital spending following completion of the Noble Lloyd
Noble in 2016 and a tax restructuring-related working capital
uplift. The cash balance and revolving credit facility provide
ample liquidity to address debt maturities and maintenance level
capex, in case cash flows fall short of forecasts. The company had
$300 million of senior notes maturing in the first quarter of 2017
which it intended to repay in cash, along with $250 million in
2018, and $202 million in 2019.

The outlook is negative, reflecting Moody's concerns that
meaningful and sustained offshore drilling recovery, particularly
in the deepwater, could lag into the second half of 2018 or beyond.
If so, Noble's high leverage and thin interest coverage would prove
problematic as it seeks to negotiate a new credit facility in late
2018 into early 2019. The ratings could be downgraded if it appears
Debt/EBITDA won't fall below 8x in 2019 or EBITDA/Interest coverage
approaches 1x. An upgrade is unlikely given Moody's expectations
for rising financial leverage over the next few years. If Noble can
sustain Debt/EBITDA below 6x beyond 2018 in an improving offshore
drilling market and renegotiate its credit facility in a manner
that provides at least adequate liquidity then the ratings could be
upgraded.

Noble Holding International Limited (Noble) is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Noble Corporation plc (Noble plc) and is the issuer
of the substantial majority of the company's rated debt. Noble plc,
incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, is a leading
international offshore oil and gas drilling contractors.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Global Oilfield
Services Industry Rating Methodology published in December 2014. 


ON-CALL STAFFING: Seeks July 25 Extension of Plan Filing Deadline
-----------------------------------------------------------------
On-Call Staffing, Inc., requests the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Northern District of Mississippi to extend its exclusive period in
which to file a Disclosure Statement and Plan of Reorganization to
and including July 25, 2017 and a concomitant extension of 60 days
within which to obtain Plan confirmation.

The Debtor submits that it is unable to finalize its proposed Plan
within the initial statutory exclusivity period, which was slated
to expire on April 26, 2017, due to the ongoing settlement
negotiations regarding the litigation in the District Court.

                      About On-Call Staffing

On-Call Staffing, Inc., filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. N.D.
Miss. Case No. 16-13823) on Oct. 28, 2016.  The Debtor is
represented by J. Walter Newman, IV, Esq., at Newman & Newman. The
petition was signed by its President, Lee Garner III.  At the time
of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets at $100,000 to $500,000
and liabilities at $500,000 to $1 million.


PATEL REALTY: Hires Harvey Marcus as Bankruptcy Attorney
--------------------------------------------------------
Patel Realty, LLC seeks authorization from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the District of New Jersey to employ the Law Office of
Harvey I Marcus as attorney for the Debtor-in-Possession.

The Debtor requires Harvey I Marcus to counsel, attend meetings as
required,  prepare and file of Chapter 11 Disclosure and Plan as
required, and negotiate with creditors as required.

The Debtor agreed to compensate Harvey I Marcus $8,500 retainer
based upon $350 hourly rate paid pre-filing and subsequent fee
applications as appropriate.

Harvey I Marcus, Esq., Law Office of Harvey I Marcus, assured the
Court that the firm is a "disinterested person" as the term is
defined in Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does not
represent any interest adverse to the Debtor and its estates.

Harvey I Marcus may be reached at:

      Harvey I Marcus, Esq.
      Law Office of Harvey I Marcus
      250 Pehle Avenue, Suite 200
      Saddle Brook, NJ 07663
      Tel: 201-384-2200
      Fax: 888-565-0403
      E-mail: him@lawmarcus.com

                     About Patel Realty, LLC

Patel Realty, LLC filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr.
D.N.J. Case No. 17-17376) on April 11, 2017.  The Hon. Christine M.
Gravelle presides over the case.  the Law Office of Harvey I.
Marcus represents the Debtor as counsel.

The Debtor disclosed total assets of $1.14 million and total
liabilities of $427,233. The petition was signed by Navin Patel,
managing member.


PATSCO L.P.: 714 Ventures Buying Pittsburgh Property for $370K
--------------------------------------------------------------
PATSCO, L.P., doing business as PATSCO, Ltd., asks the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania to
authorize the sale of its interest in real estate identified as lot
and block number 313-C-100, Streets Run Road, Lot #3, Borough of
West Mifflin, Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, to 714
Ventures, Inc. for $370,000, subject to higher and better offers.

A hearing on the Motion is set for June 13, 2017 at 2:30 p.m.  The
objection deadline is May 19, 2017.

Among the assets of the estate is the Debtor's interest in the
property.  The Debtor has signed a Standard Agreement for the Sale
of Real Estate with the Purchaser.  Under the terms of the
agreement, the Debtor is to sell the property and business at the
property to the Purchaser for the price of $370,000, subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in the agreement.  The sale
delineates the purchase price as $200,000 for the real estate and
$170,000 for the storage business.  Because of the nature of the
property and business, the sale cannot be separated into separate
agreements or offers.  The sale is subject to the approval of the
Court.

A copy of the Agreement attached to the Motion is available for
free at:

    http://bankrupt.com/misc/PATSCO_134_Sales.pdf

The lien creditors are (i) mortgage in favor of NexTier Bank; (ii)
delinquent and current taxes owing to Allegheny County; (iii)
delinquent and current taxes to the Borough of West Mifflin; and
(iv) delinquent and current taxes owing to the West Mifflin Area
School District.

The sale is an "as-is" sale, a judicial one, and free and clear of
all liens and encumbrances, and claims against the Debtor.  The
Debtor reserves the right to challenge the validity of any lien or
claim at the time of distribution if there are proceeds of sale.

The sale is not subject to transfer taxes pursuant to 11 U.S.C.
Section 1146(a) and is to a "bona fide" purchaser in accordance
with the holding of In re: Abbots Dairies of Pennsylvania, Inc.,
788 F.2d 143 C.A.3 (Pa) 1986.

The Debtor has employed Maria Gillot Werner and Remax South, Inc.
as the real estate agent for the sale of the property, and that
employment has been approved by the Court.

The Court will accept higher and better offers at the time of sale.
Any successful bidder will post a deposit of $10,000 in certified
funds, be prepared to close in 30 days, and will have to make a
higher or better offer than the terms of the pending agreement. 

The sale is in the best interest of all parties since it will help
the Debtor to fund its Chapter 11 Plan.  Accordingly, the Debtor
asks the Court to (a) approve the sale of the property to the
Purchaser or to any higher bidder; and (b) authorize to pay the
following from the total sales price of the real estate and
business: (i) all normal and ordinary settlement charges; (ii) the
mortgage balance to NexTier Bank; (iii) any unpaid real estate
taxes on the property; (iv) Real Estate Commission to Maria Gillot
Werner and Remax South in the amount of $22,200, subject to any
share to be paid to the Purchaser's agent; (v) the Debtor's
attorney, Francis E. Corbett, the amount of $2,500 is approved by
the Court for legal fees and any additional amounts as
reimbursement for advertising or filing expenses related to the
sale; and (vi) the net proceeds of the sale are to be held in
escrow by the attorney for the Debtor, pending further Order of
Court.

PATSCO, L.P., filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. W.D. Penn. Case
No. 15-24405) on Dec. 2, 2015.  The Debtor owns properties
located at Streets Run Road, West Mifflin, and West Run Road,
HomesteadThe Debtor is represented by Francis E. Corbett, Esq. --
fcorbett@fcorbettlaw.com -- in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.


PAWN AMERICA: U.S. Trustee Appoints 3 Members to Committee
----------------------------------------------------------
The U.S. Trustee for Region 12 on April 26 filed an amended notice
of appointment of unsecured creditors' committee in the Chapter 11
cases of Pawn America Minnesota, LLC and its affiliates.  

The agency announced that these unsecured creditors serve as
members of the committee:

     (1) AllOver Media, LLC
         16355 36th Ave N., Suite 700
         Minneapolis, MN 55446
         Contact Person: Shaun Nugent 
         Phone: 763-762-2060
         Email: shaun.nugent@allovermedia.com

     (2) E-Commworks, Inc.
         2960 Winnetka North Suite 211
         Crystal, MN 55429
         Contact Person: Gerald Meier 
         Phone: 763-231-1322
         Email: gmeier@e-commworks.com

     (3) Computer Integration Technologies, Inc.
         2375 Ventura Dr Suite A
         Woodbury, MN 55125
         Contact Person: Brian Olson 
         Phone: 651-450-0333
         Email: brian.olson@cit-net.com

The U.S. Trustee previously appointed four members to the
Creditors' Committee: AllOver Media, LLC, The Nerdery, LLC,
E-Commworks, Inc., and Computer Integration Technologies, Inc.

Shaun Nugent of AllOver Media was designated as acting chairperson
pending selection by the committee members of a permanent
chairperson.

Official creditors' committees have the right to employ legal and
accounting professionals and financial advisors, at a debtor's
expense. They may investigate the debtor's business and financial
affairs. Importantly, official committees serve as fiduciaries to
the general population of creditors they represent.

                        About Pawn America

Founded in 1991, Pawn America -- http://www.pawnamerica.com/-- is 
engaged in the business of retail sale of used merchandise,
antiques, and secondhand goods.  It currently operates 24 stores in
Minnesota, Wisconsin, South Dakota, and North Dakota and employs
more than 500 people.  The Company also founded and operates Payday
America, CashPass and MyBridgeNow.

Pawn America Minnesota, LLC, d/b/a Pawn America, and its affiliates
Pawn America Wisconsin, LLC, d/b/a Pawn America, and Exchange
Street, Inc. d/b/a Pawn America, filed Chapter 11 petitions (Bankr.
D. Minn. Case Nos. 17-31145, 17-31146, and 17-31147, respectively),
on April 12, 2017. The petitions were signed by Bradley K. Rixmann,
chief manager.  The Debtor is represented by Robert T. Kugler,
Esq., Edwin H. Caldie, Esq., Phillip J. Ashfield, Esq., and Andrew
J. Glasnovich, Esq. at Stinson Leonard Street LLP.

The Debtor Taps BGA Management, LLC as financial and turnaround
consultant

At the time of filing, the Debtors had estimated assets and
liabilities, as follows:

                                        Estimated   Estimated 
                                          Assets   Liabilities 
                                       ----------  ----------- 
Pawn America Minnesota LLC              $10M-$50M   $10M-$50M 
Pawn America Wisconson LLC              $10M-$50M   $10M-$50M 
Exchange Street Inc.                    $10M-$50M   $10M-$50M 

The Debtors filed for Chapter 11 to preserve the going concern
value of the businesses.  The Debtors said the bankruptcy process
will allow them to assess their collective footprint and thereby
eliminate unprofitable stores and move forward with a strengthened
business through a plan of reorganization.


PAYLESS HOLDINGS: Seeks to Hire Alvarez & Marsal, Appoint CRO
-------------------------------------------------------------
Payless Holdings LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Eastern District of Missouri to hire Alvarez & Marsal North
America, LLC and appoint the firm's managing director as chief
restructuring officer.

A&M and its managing director Robert Campagna will provide these
services to the company and its affiliates:

     (a) perform a financial review of the Debtors;

     (b) prepare information to assist in evaluating restructuring

         options and directing the Debtors through a bankruptcy; 
         develop forecasts and information for obtaining court 
         approval to use cash collateral or debtor-in-possession 
         financing;

     (c) assist in preparing legal papers and provide expert 
         testimony acceptable to A&M;

     (d) assist in the identification and implementation of cost 
         reduction and operations improvement opportunities;

     (e) assist in the performance of cost/benefit analyses 
         related to executory contracts and the assumption or 
         rejection of each;

     (f) assist the merchandising team in the negotiation of 
         interim and long-term vendor agreements;

     (g) assist in the discussions with and providing information 
         to potential investors, secured lenders, official 
         committees, the U.S. trustee; and 

     (h) assist in communications with creditors.

The Debtors will pay A&M a flat monthly rate of $150,000 for the
services provided by the CRO.  Meanwhile, the hourly rates for
additional personnel range from:

     (a) Restructuring Advisory

         (i) Managing Director      $800 - $975
        (ii) Director               $625 - $775
       (iii) Analysts/Associate     $375 - $600

     (b) Claims Management Services

         (i) Managing Director      $725 - $800
        (ii) Director               $550 - $650
       (iii) Analysts/Associate     $350 - $475

In addition, A&M will be entitled to incentive compensation in the
amount of $1.5 million payable upon the consummation of a plan of
reorganization, or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all
or most of the assets and equity of the Debtors.  

The fee is subject to an increase of $0.4 million to the extent
certain levels of rent savings from landlord concessions on ongoing
lease obligations on an annual run-rate basis are achieved.

Mr. Campagna disclosed in a court filing that his firm does not
have any interest adverse to the Debtors' bankruptcy estates,
creditors and equity security holders.

The firm can be reached through:

     Robert A. Campagna
     Alvarez & Marsal North America, LLC
     600 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor
     New York, NY 10022
     Phone: +1 212-759-4433
     Fax: +1 212-759-5532

                     About Payless Holdings

Payless -- http://www.payless.com/-- was founded in 1956 as an  
everyday footwear retailer.  It has more than 4,000 stores in more
than 30 countries, and employs approximately 22,000 people.  It is
headquartered in Topeka, Kansas, but its operations span across
Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, Europe, and the United
States. 

Payless first traded publicly in 1962, and was taken private in May
2012.  Payless Holdings, LLC currently owns, directly or
indirectly, each of its 91 subsidiaries. 

Payless Holdings LLC (Bankr. E.D. Mo. Lead Case No. 17-42267) and
its subsidiaries sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code on April 4, 2017.  The petitions were signed by
Paul J. Jones, chief executive officer.   

At the time of the filing, the Debtors estimated their assets at 
$500 million to $1 billion and liabilities at $1 billion to $10 
billion.   

The Debtors hired Prime Clerk LLC as claims, balloting and
administrative agent; Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP as CCAA
counsel; Retail Consulting Services Inc. as real estate
advisor; and Guggenheim Securities, LLC as investment banker.

On April 14, 2017, the Office of the U.S. Trustee appointed an
official committee of unsecured creditors.


PIONEER HEALTH: Lifebrite Buying All Assets of Early and Monroe
---------------------------------------------------------------
Pioneer Health Services, Inc., asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of Mississippi to authorize the sale of
substantially all assets owned by Pioneer Health Services of Early
County, LLC ("Early") to Lifebrite Hospital Group of Early, LLC;
and substantially all assets owned by Pioneer Health Services of
Monroe County, Inc. ("Monroe") to Lifebrite Hospital Group of
Aberdeen, LLC.

Early operates the hospital and related facilities at Early County
and has operated it continuously since its acquisition.  Despite
implementing a range of strategic initiatives, Early has not
generated the kind of income and cash flow necessary to justify its
exit strategy as being one capable of confirmation of an "internal"
plan of reorganization.  

Monroe operates the hospital and related facilities at Monroe
County and has operated it continuously since its acquisition. 
Despite implementing a range of strategic initiatives, Monroe has
not generated the kind of income and cash flow necessary to justify
its exit strategy as being one capable of confirmation of an
"internal" plan of reorganization, especially given its debt
structure. 

After Early and Monroe failed to significantly increase
profitability post-petition, the Debtor made the decision to try to
sell them as the exit strategy for that particular hospital and
related assets.

SOLIC Capital Advisors, upon being retained as the Debtor's
financial advisor on July 1, 2016, began compiling an electronic
data room for Early and Monroe containing historical operating,
financial, legal and regulatory facility related information. 
SOLIC has received numerous expressions of interest, a letter of
intent and it has conducted extensive negotiations and discussions
with various interested parties for the sale of Early, for the sale
of Monroe, and for the sale of the combined Early and Monroe
entities.

SOLIC received an asset purchase agreement for the purchase of
Early from Lifebrite of Early dated as of March 24, 2017, as well
as an asset purchase agreement for the purchase of Monroe from
Lifebrite of Aberdeen also dated as of March 24, 2017. 
Additionally, disclosure schedules related to the Early transaction
and the Monroe transaction were also prepared by Early and
Lifebrite of Early and by Monroe and Lifebrite of Aberdeen,
respectively.

The Buyers' proposals represent the highest and best bids received,
with the Movant, the Buyers in mutual agreement on the terms of the
asset purchase agreements.  The proposals represent the best
opportunities for the Early and Monroe facilities to continue to
operate and to preserve their going concern value, to retain
employment of as many employees as possible and to generate the
greatest return to creditors and parties in interest of Early and
Monroe.

As required by the Lifebrite of Early and Lifebrite of Aberdeen
agreements, the Debtor filed its Bid Procedures Motion seeking
approval of Lifebrite of Early and Lifebrite of Aberdeen as
"stalking horses," approving bidding procedures, scheduling an
auction and sales hearings and related matters.  The Court entered
the Bid Procedures Order on April 24, 2017 which describes the form
of bids, and approves the selection of Lifebrite of Early and
Lifebrite of Aberdeen as Stalking Horse Bidders.

The Bid Procedures Order scheduled the Motion for hearing on June
23, 2017 at 9:00 a.m., scheduled an auction of the assets of Early
and Monroe, and established certain deadlines for the filing of
overbids, sale objections and related matters.  The auction of
assets is scheduled for June 22, 2017, at the Court at 1:30 p.m.

The Bid Procedures Order not only approves and establishes bid
procedures in connection with the sale of the assets of Early and
Monroe, it also establishes Lifebrite of Early and Lifebrite of
Aberdeen as the "Stalking Horse Bidder" in connection with the
transactions that are contemplated by and between the Debtor and
Lifebrite of Early and Lifebrite of Aberdeen.  As noted, the Debtor
and Lifebrite of Early and Lifebrite of Aberdeen negotiated the
APAs.  These APAs not only establish the terms and conditions of
the contemplated sales from the Debtor to Lifebrite of Early and
Lifebrite of Aberdeen, they will be used as the template APAs for
any other interested purchasers or bidders who elect to make a bid
for the Assets.

All interested bidders who desire to extend an offer for the
assets, will be afforded that opportunity by submitting a Qualified
Bid for the assets by the Bid Deadline of May 23, 2017.

The Debtor asks authority to assume and assign certain contracts
and leases to the ultimate purchaser.  Further, as soon as
practicable, and in no event later than the Bid Deadline, the
Qualified Bidders will designate in the APAs and/or any competing
APA that has been filed or submitted, those contracts and leases as
to which any bidder desires that the Debtor assume, and then
assign, to the ultimately successful purchaser.  Objections to any
such motions to assume and assign are due by June 16, 2017 and will
be heard and considered by the Court at the Sale Hearing on June
23, 2017.  Accordingly, in the event there are contracts and/or
leases that are designated, the Debtor will immediately prepare and
file, by May 24, 2017, a Motion to Assume and Assign Assumed
Contracts or Assumed Leases.  Any amounts necessary to cure any
existing defaults in connection with any contracts or leases will
be paid by in accordance with the APAs.

A prompt sale of the Assets will likely enable the Debtor to
realize good value for the Assets.  The Debtor believes that the
terms and conditions set forth in the Motion, and in the Bid
Procedures Order, are fair and equitable to all interested
purchasers and the Debtor, and thus reflect a transaction that will
ultimately result in a successful sale of its.  The Debtor believes
that any material delay in consummating the proposed sale of the
Assets will result in a reduction in the value of the Debtor's
Assets.  Accordingly, the Debtor at this time asks authority to
sell the Assets free and clear of liens, claims, encumbrances and
interests. 

                  About Pioneer Health Services

Pioneer Health Services, Inc., and its debtor-affiliates, including
Medicomp Inc., filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy petitions (Bankr. S.D.
Miss. Lead Case No. 16-01119) on March 30, 2016.  Pioneer Health
Services of Early County, LLC, commenced a Chapter 11 case on April
8, 2016. The cases are administratively consolidated.  Joseph S.
McNulty III, president, signed the petitions.

The Debtors provide healthcare services to rural communities, and
own and manage rural critical access hospitals.

Judge Hon. Neil P. Olack presides over the Debtors' cases.

The Law Offices of Craig M. Geno PLLC serves as the Debtors'
counsel.  Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., is
acting as special counsel to the Debtor.

Pioneer Health Services estimated $10 million to $50 million in
assets and liabilities.

Henry Hobbs, Jr., acting U.S. trustee for Region 5, on April 19,
2017, appointed three creditors of Pioneer Health Services to serve
on the official committee of unsecured creditors.  The Committee
retained Arnall Golden Gregory LLP as counsel, and GlassRatner
Advisory & Capital Group LLC as financial advisor.


POST GREEN: Seeks to Hire Lubin Olson as Rreal Estate Counsel
-------------------------------------------------------------
Post Green Fell LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Northern District of California to hire Lubin Olson &
Niewiadomski LLP as its real estate counsel.

The firm will advise and assist the Debtor in analyzing and
implementing a sale or refinance of its properties located in San
Francisco, California.

Michael Muzzy and Gerald Murphy, the firm's employees who are
expected to provide the services, will charge $490 per hour and
$525 per hour, respectively.

Mr. Murphy disclosed in a court filing that his firm does not hold
or represent any interest adverse to the Debtor's bankruptcy
estate.

The firm can be reached through:

     Gerald M. Murphy, Esq.
     Lubin Olson & Niewiadomski LLP 
     The Transamerica Pyramid 
     600 Montgomery Street, 14th Floor
     San Francisco, CA 94111 
     Phone: 415-981-0550 
     Email: gmurphy@lubinolson.com

                    About Post Green Fell LLC

Based in San Francisco, California, Post Green Fell LLC sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D.
Calif. Case No. 17-30314) on April 4, 2017.  The petition was
signed by Laurence F. Nasey, manager.  

The case is assigned to Judge Dennis Montali.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
debts at $10 million to $50 million.  The Debtor says it has no
unsecured creditors.  

The Debtor is an affiliate of 624 Stanyan Street, LLC that sought
bankruptcy protection (Bankr. N.D. Cal. Case No. 16-30965) on Sept.
1, 2016.


POST GREEN: Seeks to Hire St. James Law as Legal Counsel
--------------------------------------------------------
Post Green Fell LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Northern District of California to hire legal counsel in
connection with its Chapter 11 case.

The Debtor proposes to hire St. James Law, P.C. to, among other
things, oversee the administration of claims, evaluate its secured
debts, and assist in the formulation and implementation of a
bankruptcy plan. 

The firm will charge an hourly rate of $595.  It received a
pre-payment deposit of $50,000, of which $4,144.75 was used to pay
the filing fee and the firm's pre-bankruptcy services.  

St. James does not hold or represent any interest adverse to the
Debtor or its bankruptcy estate, according to court filings.

The firm can be reached through:

     Michael St. James, Esq.
     St. James Law, P.C.
     22 Battery Street, Suite 888
     San Francisco, CA 94111
     Tel: (415) 391-7566 
     Fax: (415) 391-7568 
     Email: michael@stjames-law.com

                    About Post Green Fell LLC

Based in San Francisco, California, Post Green Fell LLC sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D.
Calif. Case No. 17-30314) on April 4, 2017.  The petition was
signed by Laurence F. Nasey, manager.  

The case is assigned to Judge Dennis Montali.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
debts at $10 million to $50 million.  The Debtor says it has no
unsecured creditors.  

The Debtor is an affiliate of 624 Stanyan Street, LLC that sought
bankruptcy protection (Bankr. N.D. Cal. Case No. 16-30965) on Sept.
1, 2016.


POWELL VALLEY HEALTH: Unsecureds to Get Share of $10,000 in Cash
----------------------------------------------------------------
Powell Valley Health Care, Inc., filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Wyoming a disclosure statement dated
April 24, 2017, in support of the Debtor's Chapter 11 plan of
reorganization dated April 24, 2017.

Class 8 - Other Unsecured Claims -- estimated at $0 -- are impaired
by the Plan.  Each holder of an Allowed Other Unsecured Claim will
receive its pro rata share of $10,000 in cash within 30 days after
final adjudication of all contested Other Unsecured Claims. 
Estimated recovery is unknown.

All Cash necessary for the Debtor to make payments and Plan
Distributions in its capacity as Disbursing Agent will be obtained
from the Debtor's existing Cash balances, and its operations.  The
Debtor has attached detailed projections in the Disclosure
Statement that establish the Debtor's ability to satisfy its
obligations under the Plan.  All Cash necessary for the Personal
Injury Trustee to make payments and Plan Distributions in its
capacity as Disbursing Agent will be obtained from the Personal
Injury Trust Assets in accordance with the terms of the Personal
Injury Trust.

The Disclosure Statement is available at:

          http://bankrupt.com/misc/wyb16-20326-498.pdf

             About Powell Valley Health Care, Inc.

Powell Valley Health Care, Inc., provides healthcare services to
the greater-Powell, Wyoming community.  The Company filed for
Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection (Bankr. D. Wyo. Case No. 16-20326)
on May 16, 2016.  The petition was signed by Michael L. Long, CFO. 
The case is assigned to Judge Cathleen D. Parker.  The Debtor
estimated assets and debts at $10 million to $50 million at the
time of the filing.

The Debtor is represented by Bradley T. Hunsicker, Esq., at Markus
Williams Young & Zimmermann LLC.  The Debtor has retained Hammond
Hanlon Camp, LLC as its financial advisor and investment banker.

The United States Trustee appointed Larry Heiser, Veronica
Sommerville, Michelle Oliver, and Joetta Johnson to serve on the
Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors.  The Creditors'
Committee tapped Spencer Fane LLP as counsel and EisnerAmper LLP as
its accountant.

No trustee or examiner has been appointed in the case.


PURE FOODS: Seeks to Hire Rathbone Barton as Special Counsel
------------------------------------------------------------
Pure Foods, Inc. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Eastern District of Tennessee to hire Rathbone Barton Olsen PC
as its special counsel.

Rathbone will represent the Debtor in responding to discovery
requests from the official committee of unsecured creditors, and in
other corporate matters.

Coni Rathbone, Esq., the attorney designated to represent the
Debtor, will charge an hourly rate of $450.  The firm's associates
Kim Tellin, Esq., and George Dingeldien, Esq., will also be
available to assist the Debtor if necessary.  Ms. Tellin and Mr.
Dingeldien will charge $280 per hour and $250 per hour,
respectively.  

Rathbone does not hold or represent any interest adverse to the
Debtor or its bankruptcy estate, according to court filings.

The firm can be reached through:

     Coni Rathbone, Esq. 
     Rathbone Barton Olsen PC
     4949 Meadows Road, Suite 600 
     Lake Oswego, OR 97035
     Phone: 503-941-9621
     Email: crathbone@rbolawpc.com

                      About Pure Foods Inc.

Pure Foods, Inc., a company based in Atlanta, Georgia, sought
protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. E. D.
Tenn. Case No. 17-30236) on January 30, 2017.  The petition was
signed by John P. Frostad, CEO.  

The case is assigned to Judge Suzanne H. Bauknight.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
debts at $1 million to $10 million.

On February 16, 2017, the Office of the U.S. Trustee appointed an
official committee of unsecured creditors.  The committee hired
Blakeley LLP as its legal counsel.


R.E.S. NATION: To Settle Remaining REP Disputed Claims Under Plan
-----------------------------------------------------------------
R.E.S. Nation, LLC, filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of Texas a small business first amended
disclosure statement describing its first amended plan of
reorganization, dated April 21, 2017, which proposes to pay
unsecured trade creditors 100% of their allowed claims. 

The largest claims against the Debtor are the claims of retail
energy providers, all of which the Debtor previously disputed.  The
latest plan asserts that the Debtor has resolved the claims of Term
Power & Gas, LLC, d/b/a ENCOA and AP Gas & Electric (MD), LLC;
however, the Debtor continues to dispute the remaining claims of
other REPs. To resolve all of the ongoing litigation against the
Debtor and to provide the Debtor a path forward, the Plan will
settle and compromise the remaining disputed claims of REPs by
allowing them at 40% of the amount alleged, and paying them 100% of
this allowed amount, to be paid under the same distribution plan as
Class 3 creditors. The REP Claims are classified in Class 4. 

The Debtor's post-confirmation revenue will consist of revenue from
its REP contracts and subcontracts. The Plan contemplates that on
the Effective Date, the Debtor will pay $50,000 to its counsel as
an additional retainer, and will pay $4,875 to the U.S. Trustee to
cover first quarter 2017 fees. 

Furthermore, it is anticipated that an initial payment in the
amount of $56,341 will be due to Bank of America on April 21, 2017,
pursuant to a Final Cash Collateral Order entered on April 19,
2017. After satisfying the Class 2 claims and administrative
expense claims, which is expected to take one year, the Debtor will
commence making $12,190 monthly payments to the Reserve Account for
the remainder of the Plan term. The Reserve Account is meant both
to provide an operating reserve for the Debtor and to fund payments
to the unsecured creditors. Funds are not allowed to be withdrawn
from the Reserve Account except for (a) operating expenses that the
Debtor has insufficient cash flow to cover, or (b) distributions
under the Plan.

The previous version of the plan stated that an adequate protection
payment in the amount of $22,500 will be due to Bank of America
either on or some time prior to the Effective Date. After
satisfying the Class 2 claims and administrative expense claims,
which is expected to take one year, the Debtor will commence making
$16,083 monthly
payments to the Reserve Account for the remainder of the Plan
term.

The hearing at which the Court will determine whether to finally
approve the Disclosure Statement and confirm the Plan will take
place on May 3, 2017 at 2:00 p.m., and continue if necessary on May
4, 2017 at 10:00 a.m., in Courtroom 403, at the U.S. Courthouse,
515 Rusk Avenue, Houston, Texas 77002.

The Amended Disclosure Statement is available at:

        http://bankrupt.com/misc/txsb16-34744-130.pdf

                 About R.E.S. Nation

R.E.S. Nation, LLC, represents commercial and industrial businesses
that buy electricity in deregulated service territories, where
R.E.S. procures customers for retail energy providers pursuant to
written agreements with the provider and is paid a commission over
time during the term of the customer agreement. 

R.E.S. Nation, LLC, filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. S.D. Tex.
Case No. 16-34744), on Sept. 23, 2016. The petition was signed by
Jeffrey Nowling, manager. The Debtor tapped Susan C. Matthews,
Esq., at Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz, APC. At
the time of filing, the Debtor estimated assets and liabilities at
up to $50,000.

U.S. Trustee Judy A. Robbins on Nov. 10 disclosed in a court
filingthat no official committee of unsecured creditors has been
appointed in the Chapter 11 case of R.E.S. Nation, LLC.


RAMOS REALTY: Disclosure Statement Hearing Set for June 6
---------------------------------------------------------
The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland is set to
hold a hearing on June 6, at 11:00 a.m., to consider approval of
the disclosure statement, which explains the Chapter 11 plan of
Ramos Realty, LLC.

The hearing will take place at Courtroom 9D, U.S. Courthouse, 101
West Lombard Street, Baltimore, Maryland.  Objections are due by
May 17.

The plan filed on April 10 proposes to pay general unsecured
creditors 100% of their claims allowed by the court over five
years.  Payments will start one month after the effective date of
the plan.

                     About Ramos Realty LLC

Ramos Realty, LLC, is a Maryland limited liability company
registered at 118 Cherry Valley Road, Baltimore, Maryland 21136. 
It is a real estate construction and management company developing
and rehabbing properties in the state of Maryland and throughout
the east coast. 

The Debtor filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr. D. Md.
Case No. 16-23901) on October 18, 2016, disclosing assets and
liabilities of less than $1 million.  The Debtor is represented by
Jasmin Marie Torres, Esq., at Torres & Associates, LLC.

On April 10, 2017, the Debtor filed a Chapter 11 plan and
disclosure statement.


RANDY BALDERAS: Sale of Equipment to Pay Lienholders Approved
-------------------------------------------------------------
Judge Craig A. Gargotta of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Western District of Texas authorized Randy Benavides Balderas' sale
of various items of equipment for the minimum cash sales prices as
set forth.

The sale is free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances.

The net proceeds from the sale of the equipment is to be paid to
the respective lienholders in partial satisfaction of the
respective outstanding debts, with the exception of the nine light
towers which are not subject to the liens of creditors, with those
proceeds to be used by the Debtor in his reorganization efforts.

The Atascosa County and Charlotte ISD ad valorem tax liens will
attach to the sale proceeds and from said sale proceeds Debtor will
pay to Atascosa County the sum of $7,209, plus applicable statutory
interest incident to Atascosa County Tax Account No. 20630140 and
163525 for 2016 and prior ad valorem taxes.  Additionally, Debtor
will pay to Charlotte ISD in the amount of $9,115, plus applicable
statutory interest incident to Charlotte ISD Tax Account No. 163525
and 76505 for 2016 and prior ad valorem taxes.  Said payments will
be made on a pro-rata basis as items of equipment are sold within
15 days of receipt of the net sales proceeds and prior to
disbursement of these sale proceeds to any other person or entity. 
Atascosa County and Charlotte ISD will retain their ad valorem tax
liens against the business personal property remaining in the
possession of the Debtor to secure the year 2017 ad valorem taxes.

A copy of the list of equipment to be sold and their minimum sales
prices attached to the Order is available for free at:

    http://bankrupt.com/misc/Randy_Balderas_76_Order.pdf

Randy Benavides Balderas sought Chapter 11 protection (Bankr. W.D.
Tex. Case No. 16-52554) on Nov. 3, 2016.  The Debtor tapped
William
R. Davis, Jr., Esq., at Langley & Banack, Inc. as counsel.


RESHETAR REALTY: Genesis Buying Springfield Property for $80K
-------------------------------------------------------------
Reshetar Realty, Inc., asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania to authorize the private sale of
undeveloped property located at Lot 18 in the Springton Knoll
subdivision at Woodbyne Road, Springfield Township, Bucks County,
Pennsylvania, Tax Parcel # 42-17-59-19, to Genesis Builders for
$80,000.

A hearing on the Motion is set for May 17, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. 

The Debtor is in the business of acquiring properties for future
development.  Currently, the Debtor owns the Property.

Prior to the Petition Date, the Debtor commenced a business
relationship with Signature Home, by J.T. Maloney, Inc. ("Signature
Homes"), which contemplated the sale of various building lots in
the subdivision known as Springton Knoll, located on Woodbyne Road
in Springfield Township, Pennsylvania.  The Debtor was also
negotiating with Aspen Mill Properties, LLC and Jim Case for the
purchase of certain lots in the Springton Knoll Subdivision. 

From May 2012 to December 2012, Aspen and Case successfully built
and sold houses on three of the Debtor's lots.  In December 2012,
Aspen and Case negotiated and purchased two additional lots from
the Debtor.  The Debtor was also working with a real estate broker
regarding the sale of its Property to a potential home buyer.  The
Debtor avers that Aspen and Case began to interfere with the its
business relationship with Signature Homes.

Aspen and Case wrongfully filed a lis pendens against the Debtor's
Property in November 2013.  In 2014, Aspen commenced litigation
against the Debtor and Robin Reshetar in the Court of Common Pleas
of Bucks County, Pennsylvania captioned Aspen Mill Properties, LLC,
v. Reshetar Realty, Inc.; and Robin Reshetar, Case No 2014-06901. 
Aspen seeks damages totaling $154,202 related to the sale of
certain lots and ownership of the Debtor's Property.  The Debtor
denies any and all liability to Aspen and assets counterclaims
against Aspen in that litigation seeking damages in excess of
$1,100,000. 

On Jan. 19, 2017, Aspen filed a proof of claim in the amount of
$154,202.  It wrongfully filed a lis pendens against the Property
and has taken the position, which the Debtor opposes, that it has
an interest in its real property.  The Debtor has filed an
Objection to Aspen's proof of claim in which it alleges significant
counter claims against Aspen and the Case.  Aspen's intent in
filing the lis pendens was solely to disrupt the Debtor's ability
to conduct business and to sell the Property, and it wrongful and
intentional actions have forced the Debtor to file the instant
Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in order to sell the Property free and clear
of the lis pendens and pay creditors. 

Since the Petition Date, the Debtor has been carefully reviewing
its finances and operations, and has spent significant time
analyzing its operations and the claims against it.  A significant
part of the Debtor's efforts were aimed at selling its Property. 
It has been attempting to market and sell the Property prior to and
during the bankruptcy proceeding.

On Dec. 31, 2016, the Court entered an Order granting the
Application of the Debtor to employ Re/Max Services, Inc. as its
realtor. 

The Debtor seeks to sell the Property at private sale and has
sought the highest and best offers on the Property.  On Feb. 20,
2017, the Debtor and the Buyer, entered into a Contract for Sale
for the Property for the sum of $80,000, to which the Debtor asks
Court approval, free and clear of all liens, claims and
encumbrances with closing to take place within 10 days of the entry
of the order approving the sale of the Property.  On Feb. 20, 2017,
the Parties executed the Contract requiring Court approval of the
Contract.

The salient terms of the Contract are:

   a. The Buyer will pay to the Seller the lump sum of $80,000 in
immediately available funds for the Property.

   b. The initial deposit of $1,000 was paid by the Buyer to the
Seller and is being held in escrow by Re/Max.

   c. The due diligence period has expired and there are no
remaining contingencies pertaining to the Contract for Sale.

   d. The remaining sum of $79,000 will be paid by the Buyer to the
Seller at settlement.

   e. The sale will be free and clear of all liens claims and
encumbrances, if any, with such liens claims and encumbrances
attaching to the proceeds of the sale.

   f. The Settlement will be scheduled for the later of (i) May 3,
3017 or (ii) 10 days after the entry of a final order of the Court
approving the sale of the Property.

A copy of the Contract of Sale of Real Estate and the Addendum
attached to the Motion is available for free at:

   http://bankrupt.com/misc/Reshetar_Realty_78_Sales.pdf

In connection with the marketing of the Property, the Debtor has
utilized the real estate brokerage services of Re/Max.  The
Contract was procured with the assistance of Re/Max and Re/Max's
commission on the sale is $4,800, 6% of the sale price to be paid
from the sale proceeds at closing. 

The Debtor has determined that the Property is encumbered by the
following secured claims: (i) a secured claim of Palisades School
District in the amount of $812 (as evidenced by proof of claim
number 4 on the court's official claims register, filed on March 6,
2017); and (ii) a secured claim of the Pennsylvania Department of
Revenue in the amount of $13,885 (as evidenced by proof of claim
number 2 on the court's official claims register, filed on Dec. 20,
2016). 

The Debtor has determined the Property is encumbered by the lis
pendens placed on the Property by Aspen.

The Debtor filed a Motion to Approve its Disclosure Statement and
Plan of Reorganization on March 10, 2017.  The Plan provides at
paragraph (i) 2.1 for the treatment of the IRS claim; (ii) 2.2 for
the treatment of secured claims; (iii) 2.3 for the treatment of
general unsecured vendor claims; and (iv) 2.4 for the treatment of
the general unsecured litigation claims.  The Debtor's soon to be
confirmed Plan provides for the sale of the Property as
contemplated by the Debtor in the Contract for Sale. 

The Debtor proposes to pay the net proceeds remaining from the sale
of the Property after payment of the costs outlined, to its
priority, secured, and unsecured creditors as contemplated in its
Plan. 

The Debtor firmly believes that creditors will receive more value
through a private sale of the Property at the market rate than
through efforts to either (i) continue to market the property
pursuant to the Plan in hopes of obtaining a potential higher
offer, which could result in an increase in the amount of real
estate taxes to be paid at closing and increase in the amount of
the commissions owed to the real estate brokers therefore reducing
any additional benefit of a subsequent higher offer; or (ii) sell
the Property at public auction which may not generate a higher
purchase price and the purchase price would be reduced by an
auctioneer fee and costs associated with an auction sale.  The
Debtor believes that a sale of the Properties and related assets
will best serve the interests of creditors by procuring the almost
instant cash infusion of in excess of $70,000, and by preventing
the further loss and diminution in value to the Property. 
Accordingly, the Debtor respectfully asks that the Court allows the
Debtor to sell the Property free and clear of any lien claim or
encumbrance.

In addition, the Debtor asks that the Court waive the 14-day stay
pursuant to Fed. R. Bankr. P. 6004(h). 

The Purchaser can be reached at:

          GENESIS BUILDERS
          617 Main Street Front
          Hellertown, PA 18055

                    About Reshetar Realty

Reshetar Realty, Inc., is in the business of acquiring properties
for future development.  Currently the Debtor owns undeveloped
property located at Lot 18 in the Springton Knoll subdivision at
Woodbyne Road, Tax Parcel No. 42-17-59-19.

The Debtor filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr. E.D.N.Y.
Case No. 16-17899) on Nov. 10, 2016.  Edmond M. George, Esq., at
Obermayer Rebmann Maxwell & Hippel LLP serves as bankruptcy
counsel.  Douglas E. Estep, P.A., serves as the Debtor's
accountant.  The Debtor says assets and liabilities are both below
$1 million.


ROBISON TIRE: June 15 Hearing to Approve Plan Outline
-----------------------------------------------------
The Hon. Katharine M. Samson of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of Mississippi has granted Robison Tire Company,
Inc.'s request to extend the Debtor's exclusive plan filing period
through and including April 21, 2017. 

The Extension Order was entered by the Court on April 25, one day
after the Debtor delivered Chapter 11 plan and disclosure
statement.

As reported by the Troubled Company Reporter on April 10, the
Debtor asked the Court for the Extension, saying that it was yet in
negotiations regarding plan treatment with its secured creditors.

In another Order dated April 26, the Court set the hearing to
approve the Disclosure Statement for June 15 at 1:30 p.m. in
Gulfport.

                       About Robison Tire

Since the early 1970's, Robison Tire Co., Inc., has been an
authorized wholesaler and retailer of a number of the brands,
including Armour, Bridgestone, Goodyear, Hankook, Hercules and
Toyo.

Robison Tire Co., Inc. sought the Chapter 11 protection (Bankr.
S.D. Miss. Case No. 16-51183) on July 14, 2016.  The petition was
signed by Michael Windham, president.  Judge Katharine M. Samson
is assigned to the case.  The Debtor estimated assets in the range
of $500,000 to $1 million and $1 million to $10 million in debt.

Jarrett Little, Esq., at Lentz & Little, PA, serves as the Debtor's
Counsel, while Corlew Munford & Smith, PLLC, acts as special
counsel.  The Debtor employed Taylor Auction & Realty, Inc., as
auctioneer and appraiser; and Molloy-Seidenburg & Co., P.A., as
accountant.

No official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in
the case.


ROSE HILL ESTATE: Taps Barton Law Firm as Legal Counsel
-------------------------------------------------------
Rose Hill Estate, LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the District of South Carolina to hire legal counsel.

The Debtor proposes to hire Barton Law Firm, P.A. to give legal
advice regarding its duties under the Bankruptcy Code, and provide
other legal services related to its Chapter 11 case.

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     Barbara George Barton     $400
     Christine Brimm           $325
     Megan Jankowski           $125
     Connie Fraser             $125
     Amanda Cristaldi          $125

Barbara George Barton, Esq., disclosed in a court filing that her
firm does not hold or represent any interest adverse to the Debtor
or its bankruptcy estate.

The firm can be reached through:

     Barbara George Barton, Esq.
     Barton Law Firm, P.A.
     3955 Highway 17 Bypass, Suite D
     P.O. Box 2746
     Murrells Inlet, SC 29576 
     Phone: (803) 256-6582
     Fax: (803) 779-0267

                   About Rose Hill Estate LLC

Rose Hill Estate, LLC sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D.S.C. Case No. 17-01864) on April 13,
2017.  The petition was signed by Stephen G. Mueller, president.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
debts at $1 million to $10 million.


RUPARI HOLDING: Hires Donlin Recano as Claims and Noticing Agent
----------------------------------------------------------------
Rupari Holding Corp., et al., seek authorization from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware to employ Donlin,
Recano & Company, Inc. as claims and noticing agent, nunc pro tunc
to the April 10, 2017 petition date.

The Debtors require Donlin Recano to:

   (a) prepare and serve required notices and documents in these 
       cases in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and the 
       Bankruptcy Rules in the form and manner directed by the 
       Debtors and/or the Court including: (i) notice of the 
       commencement of the cases and the initial meeting of
       creditors under section 341(a) of the Bankruptcy Code; (ii)

       notice of any claims bar date; (iii) notices of transfers 
       of claims; (iv) notices of objections to claims and 
       objections to transfers of claims; (v) notices of
       any hearings on a disclosure statement and confirmation of 
       any chapter 11 plan, including under Bankruptcy Rule 
       3017(d); (vi) notice of the effective date of any chapter 
       11 plan; and (vii) all other notices, orders, pleadings, 
       publications, and other documents as the Debtors or Court
       may deem necessary or appropriate for an orderly 
       administration of these cases;

   (b) maintain an official copy of the Debtors' schedules of 
       assets and liabilities and statement of financial affairs,
       listing the Debtors' known creditors and the amounts owed 
       thereto;

   (c) maintain (i) a list of all potential creditors, equity 
       holders, and other parties in interest; and (ii) a "core" 
       mailing list consisting of all parties described in 
       Bankruptcy Rules 2002(i), (j), and (k), and those parties
       that have filed a notice of appearance pursuant to 
       Bankruptcy Rule 9010; update said lists and make said lists

       available upon request by a party in interest or the Clerk;

   (d) furnish a notice to all potential creditors of the last 
       date for the filing of proofs of claim and a form for the 
       filing of a proof of claim, after such notice and form are 
       approved by this Court, and notify said potential creditors

       of the existence, amount, and classification of their 
       respective claims as set forth in the Schedules, which may 
       be effected by inclusion of such information on a 
       customized proof of claim form provided to potential 
       creditors;

   (e) maintain a post office box or address for the purpose of 
       receiving claims and returned mail, and process all mail 
       received;

   (f) for all notices, motions, orders, or other pleadings or 
       documents served, prepare and file or cause to be filed 
       with the Clerk an affidavit or certificate of service 
       within 7 business days of service which includes: (i) 
       either a copy of the notice served or the docket number(s)
       and titles of the pleadings served; (ii) a list of persons 
       to whom it was mailed with their addresses; (iii) the 
       manner of service; and (iv) the date served;

   (g) process all proofs of claim received, including those 
       received by the Clerk, and check said processing for 
       accuracy, and maintain the original proofs of claim in a 
       secure area;

   (h) maintain the official claims register for each Debtor on 
       behalf of the Clerk; upon the Clerk's request, provide the
       Clerk with certified, duplicate unofficial Claims 
       Registers; and specify in the Claims Registers the 
       following information for each claim docketed: (i) the 
       claim number assigned; (ii) the date received; (iii) the
       name and address of the claimant and agent, if applicable, 
       who filed the claim; (iv) the amount asserted; (v) the 
       asserted classifications of the claim; (vi) the applicable 
       Debtor; and (vii) any disposition of the claim;

   (i) implement necessary security measures to ensure the 
       completeness and integrity of the Claims Registers and the 
       safekeeping of the original claims;

   (j) record all transfers of claims and provide any notices of 
       such transfers as required by Bankruptcy Rule 3001(e);

   (k) arrange for the delivery, by messenger or overnight 
       delivery, of all of the court-filed proofs of claim to the 
       offices of Donlin Recano, not less than weekly;

   (l) upon completion of the docketing process for all claims 
       received to date for each case, turn over to the Clerk 
       copies of the claims register for the Clerk's review;

   (m) monitor the Court's docket for all notices of appearance, 
       address changes, and claims-related pleadings and orders 
       filed and make necessary notations on and/or changes to the

       claims register;

   (n) assist in the dissemination of information to the public 
       and respond to requests for administrative information 
       regarding the cases as directed by the Debtors or the 
       Court, including through the use of a website and/or
       call center;

   (o) if these cases are converted to chapter 7, contact the 
       Clerk within 3 days of the notice to Donlin Recano of entry

       of the order converting the cases;

   (p) 30 days prior to the closure of these cases, to the extent
       practicable, request that the Debtors submit to the Court a

       proposed Order dismissing Donlin Recano and terminating the

       services of such agent upon completion of its duties and 
       responsibilities and upon the closing of these cases;

   (q) within 7 days of notice to Donlin Recano of entry of an 
       order closing these cases, provide to the Court the final 
       version of the Claims Register as of the date immediately 
       before the close of these cases; and

   (r) at the close of these cases, box and transport all original

       documents, in proper format, as provided by the Clerk's 
       Office, to (i) the Federal Archives Record Administration, 
       located at 14700 Townsend Road, Philadelphia, PA 19154-1096

       or (ii) any other location requested by the Clerk.

Donlin Recano will be paid at these hourly rates:

       Senior Bankruptcy Consultant       $175
       Case Manager                       $140
       Technology/Programming Consultant  $110
       Consultant/Analyst                 $90
       Clerical                           $45
       Website Development                $90

Donlin Recano will also be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred.

Before the filing of these cases, on April 6, 2017, the Debtors
paid Donlin Recano a retainer of $15,000 in connection with
prepetition services.

Roland Tomforde, chief operating officer of Donlin Recano, assured
the Court that the firm is a "disinterested person" as the term is
defined in Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does not
represent any interest adverse to the Debtors and their estates.

Donlin Recano can be reached at:

       Roland Tomforde
       DONLIN, RECANO & COMPANY, INC.
       6201 15th Avenue
       Brooklyn, NY 11219
       Tel: (212) 481-1411

                   About Rupari Holding Corp.

Established in 1978, Rupari -- http://www.rupari.com/-- is a 
culinary supplier of sauced and unsauced ribs, barbeque pork,  and
BBQ chicken.  Since 1978, Rupari Foods has  been producing and
distributing the finest, restaurant-quality, pre-cooked, sauced, 
bone-in proteins, and related barbeque products.  The Company
offers a full line of meats under the Rupari brand name, as well as
a variety of products under the retail names of Tony Roma's and
Butcher's Prime.  The Company's products are available at large and
mid-sized retailers throughout the United States and Canada.

Rupari Holding Corp. and its affiliate Rupari Food Services, Inc.
filed Chapter 11 petitions (Bankr. D. Del. Case Nos. 17-10793 and
17-10794, respectively) on April 10, 2017.  The petitions were
signed by signed by Jack Kelly, CEO. 

At the time of filing, the Debtors each estimated $50 million to
$100 million in assets and $100 million to $500 million in
liabilities.

The cases are assigned to Judge Kevin J. Carey.

R. Craig Martin, Esq., Maris J. Kandestin, Esq., Richard A.
Chesley, Esq., and John K. Lyons, Esq., at DLA Piper LLP (US) are
serving as counsel to the Debtors.  Kinetic Advisors LLC is the
financial advisor.  Donlin, Recano & Co., Inc., is the claims and
noticing agent.

No trustee, examiner, or official committee of unsecured creditors
has been appointed in the Debtors' chapter 11 cases.


SANCTUARY CARE: NBR Buying Rye's Assets for $9.65 Million
---------------------------------------------------------
Sanctuary Care, LLC ("SC"), and Sanctuary at Rye Operations, LLC
("SRO"), ask the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of New
Hampshire to authorize the sale of substantially all their assets
to NBR Acquisition Rye, LLC, or its assignee, for $9,650,000,
subject to higher and better offers.

The Debtors' Disclosure Statement and the Sale Notice describe
their Assets, and their value in the sale and a hypothetical
liquidation.  It explains that the Debtors intend to dismiss these
cases or convert them to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy
Code after the Sale.  Finally, it explains to creditors why the
Sale satisfies the "best interests of creditors" test.

The Debtors are each New Hampshire limited liability companies with
a principal place of business at 295 Lafayette Road, Rye, New
Hampshire.  SC was established in 2007 to construct and own real
property in Rye, New Hampshire.  SRO is the tenant of SC and
operates a memory assisted senior living facility at 295 Lafayette
Rd., Rye, New Hampshire ("Real Property").  Pursuant to an
agreement dated June 29, 2012, SC leased the Real Property to SRO
for a term of 50 years. 

The Debtors' Assets include the Real Property; substantially all of
their tangible and intangible personal property now or hereafter
used in connection with the use, operation, maintenance, or
management of their business.

Based on the UCC Lien Reports provided by the New Hampshire
Secretary of State, the following parties assert liens on the
Debtor's personal property Assets: Camden National Bank ("Senior
Lender") and New Hampshire Community Loan Fund ("Subordinated
Lender").  

Additionally, based on a title search in the Rockingham County, New
Hampshire registry of deeds, the following parties assert liens on
the Real Property: the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender. 
The Senior Lender consents to the Sale of the Assets pursuant to
the APA free and clear of its interests.  The Debtors' do not yet
know whether the Subordinated Lender consents to the sale free and
clear of its interests. 

Before the commencement of these cases, the Debtors undertook
diligent and active efforts to determine the value of what is now
the property of the estate and establish the parameters of an
acceptable offer for the Assets.  In August 2016, the Debtors
retained The Vinca Group, LLC, whose principal is Alice Katz, as
their chief restructuring officer ("CRO").  Since the CRO's
retention, it has managed all aspects of the Debtors' day-to-day
financial affairs and operations, exercising all powers delegated
under the Debtors' organizational documents to the manager of the
limited liability companies. 

Prior to filing for bankruptcy, the Debtors took all necessary
limited liability company actions to authorize the CRO to file
their bankruptcy cases, manage the cases, and the run a sale
process.  Based on the CRO's extensive pre-petition role with the
Debtors, the Debtors believe that the retention of the CRO is a
transaction in the ordinary course of business that does not
require the Court's approval under Bankruptcy Code section
363(c)(1). 

Prior to filing bankruptcy, the Debtors entered into a Letter of
Intent with another potential purchaser, but was unable to reach
the terms of a final deal.  NBR is the only person or entity that
has entered into an APA with the Debtors.

Each Debtor is a fiduciary of its bankruptcy estate and has
determined, in its reasonable business judgment, that (i) the APA
is fair and reasonable; (i) the Purchase Price and method of
payment represents the fair market value of the Assets; and (iii)
the sale as described in the APA is in the best interest of the
creditors and each Debtor.

The Debtors and NBR entered into Asset Purchase Agreement, dated
March 8, 2017, for the sale and purchase of Assets.  The sale
process designed by the Debtors will assure that the Purchase Price
paid for the Assets is the best possible price.  NBR will pay the
Debtor $9,650,000 or more in immediately available funds at the
Closing, subject to customary closing adjustments.  The APA
provides that the Purchase Price payable by NBR is expressly
subject to higher and better offers.

The Debtor will advertise the sale of Assets.  If a Qualified Bid
is submitted to purchase the Assets, the Debtors will conduct an
auction to determine the highest and best Qualified Bid.  A
Qualified Bid must meet the requirements set forth in the Bid
Procedures, including that it must exceed the amount of the
Purchase Price under the APA by the sum of at least $300,000.  The
$300,000 additional bid amount will satisfy the $250,000 break-up
fee payable to NBR pursuant to the terms of the APA plus an
additional $50,000 which will benefit the estate.  A Qualified Bid
must also be submitted by a Buyer that demonstrates its financial
ability to close the transaction and that it will be able to obtain
all necessary permits and approvals to operate the Debtors'
Assets.

In the Debtors' opinion, the robust process will yield the best
Purchase Price that the market will bear.  In any event, they
believe that the Purchase Price in the APA, even if it is not
increased by the process, is greater than the liquidation value of
their Assets, and thus the process is in the best interests of
their creditors. 

It is anticipated that the Buyer will hire many of the Debtors'
current employees.  At the Buyer's option, the Debtors will either
(i) pay to any employee hired by Buyer the amount of all accrued
employee benefits for such employee accruing prior to the Closing
Date; or (ii) give the Buyer a credit against the Purchase Price in
such amount and Buyer will assume those obligations.  Additionally,
the Senior Lender has agreed to fund "stay bonuses" for certain of
the Debtors' key employees from the sale proceeds.  The identity of
the key employees and the amount of their bonuses will be in the
discretion of the CRO and will be paid from the sale proceeds at
Closing in the amount identified in the Budget.

The executory contracts the Debtor intends to assume and assign to
the Buyer likely consist of several service contracts and patient
agreements ("Executory Contracts").  The Debtors will file with the
Court a list of all Executory Contracts enumerating the asserted
necessary cure payments by the Bid Deadline.  The Buyer will then,
five days before the Closing Date, identify which of the Executory
Contracts the Buyer wishes to assume.  Any Executory Contracts not
identified by the Buyer will be considered rejected as of the
Closing Date.  The Debtors expects each counterparty to an Assigned
Contract to consent to the assumption and assignment of the
Assigned Contract and the Sale.

The Debtor operates an assisted living facility for elderly
patients suffering from memory loss.  As set forth in their cash
collateral and post-petition financing budget, they will have
access to sufficient funds to safely operate its facility provided
that the closing occurs on June 15, 2017.  To the extent that the
Buyer needs additional time to close, the APA provides that the
Buyer may extend the Closing Date by no more than 30 days by paying
the Debtor $75,000 to fund operations through the extended Closing
Date.

A copy of the Purchase Agreement attached to the Motion is
available for free at:

         http://bankrupt.com/misc/Sanctuary_Care_11_sales.pdf

The Debtors cannot continue to operate with its present debt
burden, as evidenced by their cash collateral and post-petition
financing budget.  They have been unable to service their secured
indebtedness for the past year and have required additional lending
from the Senior Lender in order to pay regular operating expenses
since August 2016.  The alternative to a sale is therefore a
foreclosure by their lenders, which would result in the termination
of all employees and require all the patients to be relocated. 
Under these circumstances, the Purchase Price set forth in the APA
far exceeds the value that would be obtained through liquidation of
the Assets. 

Thus, there is an articulated business justification and good,
indeed compelling, business reasons for consummating the
transaction prior to a plan of reorganization.  Accordingly, the
Debtors ask the Court to authorize the proposed sale of Assets to
the Buyer free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances, and
other interests, subject to higher and better offers in accordance
with the provisions of the bid procedures approved by the Court. 

It is clear that the Debtors must be able to close on the
transaction as soon as possible after approval of the Sale Motion
by the Court in order to avoid the potential that they run out of
cash and are unable to meet their basic operating expenses.  Under
these exigent circumstances, the Debtors ask the Court to waive the
14-day automatic stay imposed by Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h).

The Purchaser can be reached at:

          NBR ACQUISITION RYE, LLC
          15 Third Avenue
          Burlington, MA 01803
          Attn: James C. Coughlin, Managing Member
          Telephone: (781) 238-4851
          Facsimile: (781) 272-0846
          E-mail: jim@northbridgecos.com

The Purchaser is represented by:

          Frank A. Appicelli, Esq.
          CARLTON FIELDS
          One State Street, Suite 1800
          Hartford, CT 06103
          Telephone: 860-392-5015
          Facsimile: 860-392-5058
          E-mail: fappicelli@carltonfields.com

                     About Sanctuary Care

Sanctuary Care, LLC, is a memory assisted adult care facility
located in Rockingham County, New Hampshire.

Sanctuary at Rye Operations, LLC and Sanctuary Care, LLC each filed
a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code (Case No. 17-10590 and 17-10591) on April 25, 2017.  The
petitions were signed by Alice Katz, chief restructuring officer.

Sanctuary at Rye disclosed assets at $382,830 and liabilities at
$16,610,000.

Sanctuary Care disclosed assets at $5,010,000 and liabilities at
$16,050,000.

The Debtors tapped Peter N. Tamposi, Esq., at The Tampose Law
Group, as counsel.



SEASONS PARTNERS: Taps Christopher Linscott as Accountant
---------------------------------------------------------
Seasons Partners LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Arizona to hire an accountant.

The Debtor proposes to hire Christopher Linscott, a certified
public accountant, to, among other things, review its financials,
provide expert testimony, and prepare expert report related to
feasibility and confirmation of its plan of reorganization.

Mr. Linscott will be paid on an hourly basis, with a $15,000.  His
rates range from $95 to $335 per hour.

The retainer will be paid to Mr. Linscott on behalf of the Debtor's
equity security holder, and all fees are personally guaranteed by
Christian and Brett Pezzuto, who act on behalf of the Debtor's sole
member through its manager.

Mr. Linscott is a "disinterested person" as defined in section
101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, according to court filings.

                   About Seasons Partners LLC

Seasons Partners LLC sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Ariz. Case No. 17-01746) on Feb. 27,
2017.  The petition was signed by Christian Pezzuto, manager of
Seasons Wetmore LLC.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
liabilities at $10 million to $50 million.

The case is assigned to Judge Brenda Moody Whinery.  Gerald Smith,
Esq., John Smith, Esq., Grant Cartwright, Esq., and Cody
Vandewerker, Esq., at Gerald K. Smith and John C. Smith Law
Offices, PLLC, serve as the Debtor's legal counsel.

No official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in
the case.


SEASONS PARTNERS: Taps Steven Cole as Appraiser
-----------------------------------------------
Seasons Partners LLC seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Arizona to hire an appraiser.

The Debtor proposes to hire Steven Cole to prepare an appraisal
report of its real property and business, and provide expert
testimony.  

Mr. Cole will be paid a flat fee of $4,750 for the preparation of
the report, and an hourly fee of $200 for any additional work.

Mr. Cole is a "disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14)
of the Bankruptcy Code, according to court filings.

                   About Seasons Partners LLC

Seasons Partners LLC sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Ariz. Case No. 17-01746) on Feb. 27,
2017.  The petition was signed by Christian Pezzuto, manager of
Seasons Wetmore LLC.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated its assets and
liabilities at $10 million to $50 million.

The case is assigned to Judge Brenda Moody Whinery.  Gerald Smith,
Esq., John Smith, Esq., Grant Cartwright, Esq., and Cody
Vandewerker, Esq., at Gerald K. Smith and John C. Smith Law
Offices, PLLC, serve as the Debtor's legal counsel.  

No official committee of unsecured creditors has been appointed in
the case.


SERVICIOS DE DESCUENTO: Taps Tamarez CPA as Accountant
------------------------------------------------------
Servicios De Descuento En Compra Inc. dba SEDECO dba The Outlet
seeks authorization from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Puerto Rico to employ Tamarez CPA, LLC as accountant.

The Debtor's Plan Administrator and Liquidating Trustee will rely
on Tamarez CPA for general accounting, tax and financial counseling
services in connection with the bankruptcy petition. More
specifically, Tamarez CPA will provide assistance in the
preparation of the monthly operating reports, as well as business
consulting services in the development of reorganization strategies
and tax preparation services.

Tamarez CPA will be paid at these hourly rates:

       Albert Tamarez-Vasquez          $150
       CPA Supervisor                  $100
       Senior Accountant               $85
       Staff Accountant                $65

The hourly rate does not include the sales and use tax imposed by
Act 72 of May 2015, currently 4% of billed fee.

Tamarez CPA will also be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred.

Albert Tamarez-Vasquez assured the Court that the firm is a
"disinterested person" as the term is defined in Section 101(14) of
the Bankruptcy Code and does not represent any interest adverse to
the Debtor and its estate.

Tamarez CPA can be reached at:

       Albert Tamarez-Vasquez
       TAMAREZ CPA, LLC 
       P.O. Box 194136
       San Juan, PR 00919-4136
       Tel: (787) 795-2855
       Fax: (787) 200-7912 
       E-mail: atamarez@tamarezcpa.com

Servicios De Descuento En Compra Inc., a retailer, filed a Chapter
11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr. D. P.R. Case No. 09-00832) on Feb.
6, 2009, before the Hon. Enrique S Lamoutte Inclan, and was
represented by Fernando E Longo Quinones, Esq., at Berrios & Longo
Law Office; and Charles A Curpill, Psc Law Office.  An official
committee of unsecured creditors was appointed in the case.  The
panel was represented by Rafael A. Ojeda Diez, Esq., and Felix M
Zeno Gloro, Esq.  Wigberto Lugo Mender was appointed as Chapter 11
Trustee and is represented in the case by Andres Garcia Arregui,
Esq., and Eduardo J Capdevila Diaz, Esq., at Garcia Arregui &
Fullana PSC.  A plan was confirmed in the case on Sept. 21, 2010.


SEVENTY SEVEN: Moody's  Drops Caa1 CFR After PTEN Merger Closes
---------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service withdrew its ratings on Seventy Seven
Operating LLC (SSO), the operating subsidiary of Seventy Seven
Energy, Inc., following SSE's merger with Patterson-UTI Energy,
Inc. (PTEN, unrated). PTEN repaid SSO's term loans as part of the
transaction.

Ratings Withdrawn:

Issuer: Seventy Seven Operating LLC

-- Corporate Family Rating: Caa1

-- Probability of Default: Caa1-PD

-- Senior Secured Term Loan due 2020: Caa1(4/20/2017)

-- Senior Secured Incremental Term Loan due 2021: Caa2(4/20/2017)

RATINGS RATIONALE
Please refer to the Moody's Investors Service's Policy for
Withdrawal of Credit Ratings, available on its website,
www.moodys.com.



SHAWERMA EXPRESS: Selling Assets for $150K
------------------------------------------
Capital Investments, LLC, asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Eastern District of Virginia to authorize the sale of assets and
the assumption of an operating lease and grounds to the potential
purchasers.

The Debtor filed a voluntary Chapter 11 petition on March 15, 2016
and continues to operate its business and manage its property as
debtor-in-possession.  The affairs of the Debtor have been managed
by Dawoud Murad, who was appointed as the Debtor Designee.

The Debtor's main and exclusive business activity is the operation
of a restaurant in a leased facility.

Prior to the filing of the petition for relief, and through the
pendency of these proceedings, there has been a dispute between the
two stockholders, Dawoud Murad, on the one hand, and Johni Kattan,
on the other hand.  The dispute does not appear to lend itself to a
resolution, and may (in the absence of some form of resolution
before the Court (whether through the Motion or a conversion of the
proceeding)) eventually lead to the dissolution of the
Debtor-corporation.

The Debtor has obtained a contract to sell its assets to four
individuals ("Potential Purchasers") for the price of $150,000. 
Incident to the proposed sale, the Debtor will assign its interest
in the operating lease to the Potential Purchasers.  Its
obligations under the contract are expressly contingent upon
approval of the Court as requested in the pleading.

The proceeds of the proposed transaction will be sufficient to pay
all administrative, priority, and general unsecured claims;
moreover, the Debtor anticipates that the proceeds will yield an
approximate, estimated dividend to Messrs. Kattan and Murad of
approximately $25,000 each.

The proposed sale is in the best interests of the estate in that
the terms of the sale are fair and reasonable, the proposed sale
terms have been property negotiated and proposed in good faith, and
the Potential Purchasers are involved in an "arm's-length"
transaction with the Debtor. 

The Court may authorize the proposed sale as Mr. Kattan, in a
dissolution proceeding, could be compelled to accept a money
satisfaction for his interest in the Debtor. 

The Debtor asks the Court to enter an Order: (i) authorizing the
sale of its assets to the Potential Purchasers for the price of
$150,000; (ii) authorizing the assignment of the Debtor's operating
lease to the Potential Purchasers; and (iii) granting such other
and further relief as may be requisite. 

Counsel for Debtor:

          John P. Forest, II, Esq.
          ALLRED BACON HALFHILL & YOUNG, P.C.
          11350 Random Hills Rd., Suite 700
          Fairfax, VA 22030
          Telephone: (703) 352-1300

                   About Shawerma Express

Shawerma Express, Inc., filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition
(Bankr. E.D. Va. Case No. 16-10936) on March 15, 2016, disclosing
under $1 million in both assets and liabilities. The Debtor tapped
John Paul Forest II, Esq., at Allred Bacon Halfhill & Young, PC,
as
counsel.


SHELTER ISLAND: Taps Goldberg Weprin as Legal Counsel
-----------------------------------------------------
Shelter Island Farms LLC and its affiliates seek approval from the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of New York to hire
legal counsel in connection with their Chapter 11 cases.

The Debtors propose to hire Goldberg Weprin Finkel Goldstein LLP
to, among other things, represent them in a lawsuit they filed
against certain entities that allegedly violated their sale
contracts.  The case is pending before the bankruptcy court. 

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     Partners              $550
     Associates     $250 - $425
     Paralegals      $90 - $120

Goldberg received a retainer in the amount of $25,000 prior to the
Debtors' bankruptcy filing. 

Kevin Nash, Esq., disclosed in a court filing that his firm is
"sufficiently disinterested" to serve as the Debtors' legal
counsel.

Goldberg Weprin can be reached through:

     Kevin J. Nash, Esq.
     Goldberg Weprin Finkel Goldstein LLP
     1501 Broadway
     New York, NY 10036
     Tel: (212)-301-6943
     Fax: (212)-422-6836
     Email: Tdonovan@gwfglaw.com
     Email: knash@gwflglaw.com

                  About Shelter Island Farms

Based in South Ozone Park, New York, Shelter Island Farms LLC,
Massapequa Farms LLC, and Ferry Rd. Realty LLC sought protection
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. E.D.N.Y. Case Nos.
17-40779 to 17-40781) on February 22, 2017.  The petitions were
signed by Mike Hassen, manager.  

At the time of the filing, Shelter Island Farms and Massapequa
Farms disclosed $3.75 million in assets and $458,475 in
liabilities.  Ferry Rd. Realty disclosed $3 million in assets and
$458,475 in liabilities.


SIGEL'S BEVERAGES: Taps Candy & Schonwald as Tax Service Provider
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Sigel's Beverages, L.P. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Northern District of Texas to hire Candy & Schonwald,
PLLC.

The firm will assist the Debtor in the preparation of its income
tax returns for calendar or fiscal year 2016.

The hourly rates charged by the firm are:

     Members                         $330 
     Senior Accountants       $250 - $300 
     staff accountants        $125 - $200
     Clerical/Administrative         $100

Terrance Eckert, a certified public accountant, disclosed in a
court filing that the firm is a "disinterested person" as defined
in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Terrance S. Eckert
     Candy & Schonwald, PLLC
     3116 Live Oak Street, 
     Dallas, TX 75024
     Phone:  214-826-6660
     Fax: (214) 826-6925

The Debtor is represented by:

     Gerrit M. Pronske, Esq.
     Melanie P. Goolsby, Esq.
     Jason P. Kathman, Esq.
     Pronske Goolsby & Kathman, P.C.
     901 Main Street, Suite 610
     Dallas, TX 75202
     Telephone: (214) 658-6500  
     Telecopier: (214) 658-6509 
     Email: gpronske@pgkpc.com
     Email: mgoolsby@pgkpc.com
     Email: jkathman@pgkpc.com

                     About Sigel's Beverage

Sigel's Beverage, L.P. engages in the wholesale distribution and
retail of alcoholic beverages.  It sought protection under Chapter
11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. N.D. Tex. Case No. 16-34118) on
October 20, 2016.  The petition was signed by Anthony J. Bandiera,
chief executive officer of Milan General Investments, Inc., general
partner of the Debtor.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated $10 million to $50
million in assets and liabilities.

Judge Barbara J. Houser presides over the Debtor's case.  The
Debtor hired Bridgepoint Consulting, LLC as financial and
restructuring advisor.

On December 31, 2016, the Debtor filed a disclosure statement,
which explains its proposed Chapter 11 plan of reorganization.


SLEEP DOCTOR: Must File Plan, Disclosure Statement on August 14
---------------------------------------------------------------
Judge James W. Boyd of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western
District of Michigan approved the stipulation between Sleep Doctor,
LLC, and the U.S. Trustee with regard to setting a date by which
the Debtor must file a proposed plan of reorganization and
disclosure statement. 

The Court, thus, ordered the Debtor to file a proposed plan of
reorganization and disclosure statement by August 14, 2017.

                     About Sleep Doctor

Sleep Doctor, LLC, is a mattress retailer throughout Western
Michigan with 13 store locations. The majority of stores are
located in West Michigan and Debtor's headquarters are in Kent
County. Debtor employs approximately 49 people to market and sell
it products. 

Sleep Doctor, LLC filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. W.D. Mich.
Case No. 09-05102), on April 29, 2009. The petition was signed by
Roger A. Wardell, managing member. The case is assigned to Judge
James D. Gregg.  

At the time of filing, the Debtor estimated assets at $500,001 to
$1,000,000 and liabilities at $1,000,001 to $10,000,000.

A list of the Company's 20 largest unsecured creditors is
available
for free at: http://bankrupt.com/misc/miwb09-05102.pdf    

No trustee or examiner has been appointed in the Debtor's Chapter
11 case and no Committees have been appointed.


SUNGEVITY INC: Creditors' Panel Hires Goldin as Financial Advisor
-----------------------------------------------------------------
The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Sungevity, Inc.
and its debtor-affiliates seeks authorization from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware to retain Goldin
Associates, LLC as financial advisor  to the Committee, nunc pro
tunc to March 22, 2017.

The Committee requires Goldin to:

   (a) manage the Chapter 11 bankruptcy process, including 
       assisting the client in evaluating and implementing 
       strategic and tactical options throughout the proceedings;

   (b) review Debtors' cash management strategies and processes;

   (c) review Debtors' budgets, financial forecasts and business 
       plans of the Debtors and the non-debtors, including foreign

       affiliates;

   (d) review financial aspects of motions and negotiations with 
       other stakeholders involved in the Bankruptcy;

   (e) review the Debtors' Section 363 sales processes and 
       procedures as well as assisting with identifying potential 
       interested parties;

   (f) perform and review valuations, as appropriate and 
       necessary, of the Debtors' assets;

   (g) review the Debtors' post-petition DIP financing 
       arrangements and related budgets;

   (h) review Statement of Financial Affairs, Schedule of Assets 
       and Liabilities and Monthly Operating Reports and other 
       bankruptcy reporting;

   (i) review Debtors' claims process;

   (j) review and analyze financial aspects of claims that could 
       be asserted on behalf of the estate, including, without 
       limitation, potential causes of actions, avoidance claims 
       and claims against current and former insiders, affiliates,

       lenders, professionals, and third parties;

   (k) analyze potential recoveries to the various creditor 
       classes and interests under a proposed plan of 
       reorganization;

   (l) assist in reviewing, evaluating and formulating proposals 
       respecting a plan of reorganization, plan of liquidation or

       any other plan of distribution;

   (m) provide litigation support, including investigative and 
       forensic review services as requested by the Committee;

   (n) review and analyze historical transactions between and 
       among the Company's various entities, including 
       intercompany claims with non-debtor affiliates and its 
       insiders and affiliates;

   (o) upon mutual agreement of the parties, Goldin may be 
       available to provide declarations, reports and testimony in

       connection with the Engagement ("Testimony"); and

   (p) such other additional matters as Counsel may request.

Goldin will be paid at these hourly rates:

       Senior Managing Director/
       Senior Special Advisor         $900-$950
       Managing Director/Senior
       Advisor                        $700-$900
       Director                       $600-$700
       Vice President                 $500-$600
       Associate                      $350-$500
       Analyst                        $300-$350

Goldin will also be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred.

Gary Polkowitz, managing director of Goldin, assured the Court that
the firm is a "disinterested person" as the term is defined in
Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does not represent any
interest adverse to the Debtors and their estates.

Goldin can be reached at:

       Gary Polkowitz
       GOLDIN ASSOCIATES LLC
       350 Fifth Avenue
       The Empire State Building
       New York, NY 10118
       Tel: (212) 593-2255
       Fax: (212) 888-2841
       E-mail: gpolkowitz@goldinassociates.com

                       About Sungevity

Sungevity, Inc, Sungevity SD, LLC, Sungevity Development, LLC,
Sungevity International Holdings, LLC and their subsidiaries and
affiliates -- http://www.sungevity.com/-- provide sales,     
marketing, system design, installation, maintenance, financing
services, and post-installation services for solar energy systems
in the U.S., the U.K., and Europe.  Sungevity is a privately-held
technology company that, until relatively recently, was
successfully pursuing growth strategies.

Sungevity Inc. and three of its affiliates filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection (Bankr. D. Del., Case No. 17-10561) on 
March 13, 2017.  The petitions were signed by Andrew Birch, 
chief executive officer.  The Debtors estimated $100 million to 
$500 million in both assets and debts.  Hon. Laurie Selber 
Silverstein presides over the case.  

The Debtors have tapped Morrison & Foerster LLP as general
counsel; Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor LLP as local counsel;
AlixPartners LLC as financial advisor; Ducera Securities LLC as
investment banker; and Kurtzman Carson Consultants LLC as claims
and noticing agent.

Andrew Vara, acting U.S. trustee for Region 3, on March 22, 2017,
appointed five creditors to serve on the official committee of
unsecured creditors in the Chapter 11 cases of Sungevity, Inc., and
its affiliates.


SUNGEVITY INC: Panel Hires Brown Rudnick as Co-counsel
------------------------------------------------------
The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Sungevity, Inc.
and its debtor-affiliates seeks authorization from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware to retain Brown
Rudnick LLP as co-counsel for the Committee, nunc pro tunc to March
22, 2017.

The Committee requires Brown Rudnick to:

   (a) assist and advise the Committee in its discussions with the

       Debtors and other parties-in-interest regarding the overall 
      
       administration of these cases;

   (b) represent the Committee at hearings to be held before the 
       Court and communicate with the Committee regarding the 
       matters heard and the issues raised as well as the 
       decisions and considerations of the Court;

   (c) assist and advise the Committee in its examination and 
       analysis of the conduct of the Debtors' affairs;

   (d) review and analyze pleadings, orders, schedules, and other 
       documents filed and to be filed with the Court by 
       interested parties in these cases; advise the Committee as 
       to the necessity, propriety, and impact of the foregoing 
       upon these cases; and give consent or object to pleadings 
       or orders on behalf of the Committee, as appropriate;

   (e) assist the Committee in preparing such applications, 
       motions, memoranda, proposed orders, and other pleadings as

       may be required in support of positions taken by the 
       Committee, including all trial preparation as may be 
       necessary;

   (f) confer with the professionals retained by the Debtors 
       and other parties in interest, as well as with such other 
       professionals as may be selected and employed by the 
       Committee;

   (g) coordinate the receipt and dissemination of information 
       prepared by and received from the Debtors' professionals, 
       as well as such information as may be received from 
       professionals engaged by the Committee or other parties-in-
       interest in these cases;

   (h) participate in such examinations of the Debtors and other 
       witnesses as may be necessary in order to analyze and 
       determine, among other things, the Debtors' assets and 
       financial condition, whether the Debtors have made any 
       avoidable transfers of property, or whether causes of 
       action exist on behalf of the Debtors' estates;

   (i) negotiate and, if necessary or advisable, formulate a plan 
       of reorganization for the Debtors; and

   (j) assist the Committee generally in performing such other 
       services as may be desirable or required for the discharge 
       of the Committee's duties pursuant to section 1103 of the 
       Bankruptcy Code.

Brown Rudnick will be paid at these hourly rates:

       Steven D. Pohl             $1,100
       Sunni P. Beville           $845
       Christopher M. Floyed      $540
       Attorneys                  $335-$1,360
       Paraprofessional           $285-$420

Brown Rudnick will also be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred.

Steven D. Pohl, member of Brown Rudnick, assured the Court that the
firm is a "disinterested person" as the term is defined in Section
101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does not represent any interest
adverse to the Debtors and their estates.

The Court will hold a hearing on the application on May 2, 2017, at
11:00 a.m. Objections were due April 25, 2017.

Brown Rudnick can be reached at:

       Steven D. Pohl, Esq.
       Sunni P. Beville, Esq.
       Christopher M. Floyed, Esq.
       BROWN RUDNICK LLP
       One Financial Center
       Boston, MA 02111
       Tel: (617) 856-8200
       Fax: (617) 856-8201

                       About Sungevity

Sungevity, Inc, Sungevity SD, LLC, Sungevity Development, LLC,
Sungevity International Holdings, LLC and their subsidiaries and
affiliates -- http://www.sungevity.com/-- provide sales,     
marketing, system design, installation, maintenance, financing
services, and post-installation services for solar energy systems
in the U.S., the U.K., and Europe.  Sungevity is a privately-held
technology company that, until relatively recently, was
successfully pursuing growth strategies.

Sungevity Inc. and three of its affiliates filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection (Bankr. D. Del., Case No. 17-10561) on 
March 13, 2017.  The petitions were signed by Andrew Birch, 
chief executive officer.  The Debtors estimated $100 million to 
$500 million in both assets and debts.  Hon. Laurie Selber 
Silverstein presides over the case.  

The Debtors have tapped Morrison & Foerster LLP as general
counsel; Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor LLP as local counsel;
AlixPartners LLC as financial advisor; Ducera Securities LLC as
investment banker; and Kurtzman Carson Consultants LLC as claims
and noticing agent.

Andrew Vara, acting U.S. trustee for Region 3, on March 22, 2017,
appointed five creditors to serve on the official committee of
unsecured creditors in the Chapter 11 cases of Sungevity, Inc., and
its affiliates.



SUNGEVITY INC: Panel Taps Morris James as Counsel
-------------------------------------------------
The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Sungevity, Inc.
and its debtor-affiliates seeks authorization from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware to retain Morris
James LLP as counsel to the Committee, nunc pro tunc to March 22,
2017.

The Committee requires Morris James to:

   (a) provide legal advice and assistance to the Committee in its

       consultations with the Debtors relative to the Debtors' 
       administration of its liquidation and reorganization;

   (b) review and analyze all applications, motions, orders, 
       statements of operations and schedules filed with the Court

       by the Debtors or third parties, advise the Committee as to

       their propriety, and, after consultation with the 
       Committee, take appropriate action;

   (c) prepare necessary applications, motions, answers, orders, 
       reports and other legal papers on behalf of the Committee;

   (d) represent the Committee at hearings held before the Court 
       and communicate with the Committee regarding the issues 
       raised, as well as the decisions of the Court; and

   (e) perform all other legal services for the Committee which 
       may be reasonably required in this proceedings.

Morris James will be paid at these hourly rates:

       Jeffrey R. Waxman, Partner       $545
       Eric J. Monzo, Partner           $450
       Brenna A. Dolphin, Associate     $275
       Jamie Dawson, Paralegal          $220

Morris James will also be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred.

Jeffrey R. Waxman, partner of Morris James, assured the Court that
the firm is a "disinterested person" as the term is defined in
Section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code and does not represent any
interest adverse to the Debtors and their estates.

The Court will hold a hearing on the application on May 2, 2017, at
11:00 a.m. Objections were due April 25, 2017.

Morris James can be reached at:

       Jeffrey R. Waxman, Esq.
       Eric J. Monzo, Esq.
       MORRIS JAMES LLP
       500 Delaware Avenue, Suite 1500
       Wilmington, DE 19801
       Tel: (302) 888-6800
       Fax: (302) 571-1750
       E-mail: jwaxman@morrisjames.com
               emonzo@morrisjames.com

                       About Sungevity

Sungevity, Inc, Sungevity SD, LLC, Sungevity Development, LLC,
Sungevity International Holdings, LLC and their subsidiaries and
affiliates -- http://www.sungevity.com/-- provide sales,     
marketing, system design, installation, maintenance, financing
services, and post-installation services for solar energy systems
in the U.S., the U.K., and Europe.  Sungevity is a privately-held
technology company that, until relatively recently, was
successfully pursuing growth strategies.

Sungevity Inc. and three of its affiliates filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection (Bankr. D. Del., Case No. 17-10561) on 
March 13, 2017.  The petitions were signed by Andrew Birch, 
chief executive officer.  The Debtors estimated $100 million to 
$500 million in both assets and debts.  Hon. Laurie Selber 
Silverstein presides over the case.  

The Debtors have tapped Morrison & Foerster LLP as general
counsel; Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor LLP as local counsel;
AlixPartners LLC as financial advisor; Ducera Securities LLC as
investment banker; and Kurtzman Carson Consultants LLC as claims
and noticing agent.

Andrew Vara, acting U.S. trustee for Region 3, on March 22, 2017,
appointed five creditors to serve on the official committee of
unsecured creditors in the Chapter 11 cases of Sungevity, Inc., and
its affiliates.


SUNIVA INC: U.S. Trustee Forms 5-Member Committee
-------------------------------------------------
Andrew R. Vara, Acting U.S. Trustee for Region 3, on April 27
appointed five creditors of Suniva, Inc., to serve on the official
committee of unsecured creditors. 

The committee members are:

     (1) Wacker Chemie AG
         c/o Wacker Chemical Corporation
         Attn: Gregory Brabec
         553 Wacker Boulevard
         Charleston, TN 37310-0446
         Tel: (423) 780-8334
         Fax: (517) 264-1398

     (2) Woongjin Energy Co., LTD.
         Attn: Inbong Jeong
         37, Techno 2-ro, Yuseong-gu
         Daejeon, 34012, Korea 
         Tel: 82-42-939-8023
         Fax: 82-42-939-8099

     (3) Guangzhou Ruxing Technology Development, Co., Ltd.
         Attn: David Fan
         1b Ruifa Road, Huangpu District
         Guangzhou, China 510530
         Tel: +86-20-2806-9999
         Fax: +86-20-285-9995

     (4) Veritiv Operating Company
         Attn: Darin Bell
         1000 Abernathy Road, NE
         Building 400, Suite 1700
         Atlanta, GA 30320
         Tel: (770) 391-8355

     (5) Heraeus Precious Metals North America Conshohocken LLC
         Attn: Kim Jessum
         24 Union Hill Road
         W. Conshohocken, PA 19428
         Tel: (215) 944-9983
         Fax: (215) 944-9986

Official creditors' committees have the right to employ legal and
accounting professionals and financial advisors, at a debtor's
expense.  They may investigate the debtor's business and financial
affairs.  Importantly, official committees serve as fiduciaries to
the general population of creditors they represent.

                       About Suniva, Inc.

Founded in 2007 by Dr. Ajeet Rohatgi, Suniva, Inc. --
http://www.suniva.com/-- is a manufacturer of PV solar cells with 
manufacturing facilities at its metro-Atlanta, Georgia headquarters
as well as in Saginaw, Michigan.

Impacted by Chinese manufacturers who are able to flood the U.S.
market for solar cells and modules with cheap imports, on April 7,
2017, Suniva, Inc., filed a voluntary petition for relief under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. D. Del. Case No.
17-10837).

The case is assigned to Hon. Kevin Gross.

Kilpatrick, Townsend & Stockton LLP is serving as general counsel
to the Debtor.  Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP is serving as
Delaware counsel, with the engagement led by Stephen R. McNeill,
Jeremy William Ryan.  Garden City Group, LLC, is the claims and
noticing agent.

Suniva estimated $10 million to $50 million in assets and $100
million to $500 million in debt.


SYNCHRONOSS TECHNOLOGIES: Moody's Puts B1 CFR on Review
-------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service placed the credit ratings of Synchronoss
Technologies, Inc. on review for downgrade, following the company's
announced management changes and reduced revenue and margin
guidance for 2017.

The affected ratings placed on review are the B1 Corporate Family
Rating ("CFR"), B1-PD Probability of Default Rating ("PDR"), and
the Ba3 rating on the company's senior secured bank credit
facility. The company's SGL1 rating is unchanged at this time,
however, the rating could be lowered if the announced changes
affect the company's short term liquidity. The ratings along with a
positive outlook were assigned in connection with the company's
acquisition of Intralinks Inc. earlier in 2017.

RATINGS RATIONALE

The ratings review is triggered by the abrupt change in management,
including multiple changes in the CFO position over a short period,
coming shortly after Synchronoss completed the Intralinks
acquisition. In addition, the revised revenue and operating margin
guidance stands to delay the expected deleveraging at the company,
which supported the B1 CFR. The ratings review will also focus on
any changes to the company's strategy outlined at the time of the
merger and new management's commitment to future deleveraging.
Following the Intralinks acquisition, Synchronoss has high adjusted
debt to EBITDA leverage, at well over 6 times at closing and pro
forma for the sale of the activation business.

Moody's could lower the ratings at the completion of the review, if
the rating agency believes that the company will not proceed along
the plans it outlined at the time of the Intralinks merger, it
experiences integration challenges or leverage reduction is
delayed.

The following ratings were placed on review for downgrade:

Issuer: Synchronoss Technologies Inc.

B1 Corporate Family Rating

B1-PD Probability of Default Rating

Ba3 (LGD 3) Senior Secured Credit Facilities

Based in Bridgewater, NJ, Synchronoss is a leading provider of
information and data services catering to telecom carriers and
enterprise customers.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Business and
Consumer Service Industry published in October 2016. 



TANDOORI AT TRANSIT: Seeks to Hire Cash Realty as Auctioneer
------------------------------------------------------------
Tandoori at Transit, Inc. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Western District of New York to hire an auctioneer.

The Debtor proposes to hire Cash Realty & Auctions in connection
with the sale of the equipment and other personal property
previously used in the operation of its restaurant business.

Cash Realty will receive 10% of the gross sale proceeds.  These
commissions will be retained by the firm at the conclusion of each
auction, subject to final allowance upon application to the court. 


Additionally, Cash Realty will be reimbursed for its expenses,
which the firm estimates at $1,400.

Eric Monahan, an auctioneer employed with Cash Realty, disclosed in
a court filing that his firm is a "disinterested person" as defined
in section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Eric Monahan
     Cash Realty & Auctions
     210 Sawyer Ave.
     Buffalo, NY 14150
     Phone: 716-885-2200  
     Fax: 716-885-9162
     Email: info@cashauction.com

                    About Tandoori at Transit

Tandoori at Transit, Inc. is based in Williamsville, New York, and
operates a restaurant and banquet hall facilities serving Royal
Indian cuisine.  It sought Chapter 11 protection (Bankr. W.D.N.Y.
Case No. 16-10413) on March 7, 2016.  At the time of filing,
Tandoori at Transit estimated $50,000 to $100,000 in assets and $1
million to $10 million in debt.

Ravi Sabharwal, vice-president of Tandoori at Transit, sought
Chapter 11 protection (Bankr. W.D.N.Y. Case No. 16-10362) on Feb.
29, 2016.  His wife, Rita Sabharwal, owns 100 percent of the stock
and is the chief executive officer of Tandoori at Transit.  

On March 28, 2016, the court ordered the joint administration of
the cases.  The Debtors are represented by Daniel F. Brown, Esq.,
at Andreozzi, Bluestein, Weber, Brown, LLP.


TRANSMAR COMMODITY: Wants June 29 Extension of  Plan Exclusivity
----------------------------------------------------------------
Transmar Commodity Group Ltd. asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of New York to extend the exclusive periods
during which the Debtor may file a plan and solicit acceptances of
the plan by 60 days each, through and including June 29, 2017, and
Aug. 28, 2017, respectively.

A hearing to consider the Debtor's request is set for May 11, 2017,
at 10:00 a.m. (EST).  Objections to the request must be filed by
May 4, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time).

The Debtor currently has a 120-day period to exclusively file a
plan and a 180-day period to solicit acceptances to the plan.

The Debtor submits that cause exists for the Court to extend the
Exclusive Periods.  The Debtor says that these factors all weigh in
favor of granting an extension at this time:

     -- the Debtor's bankruptcy case is a complex case, with 
        complicated issues, many creditors, many counterparties to

        commodities contracts and various affiliated entities 
        located both domestically and around the world;

     -- in addition to various affiliated entities that conduct 
        business around the world, the Debtor has assets located 
        around the world;

     -- the Debtor owes its pre-petition lending group more than 
        $360 million;

     -- certain affiliates of the Debtor, including Euromar 
        Commodities GmbH, are currently in foreign insolvency 
        proceedings, thereby adding to the complexity of the 
        Debtor's bankruptcy case;

     -- since the Petition Date, the Debtor has been diligently 
        working with its prepetition lenders and the Committee. 
        Although the Debtor is winding down its operations, the 
        Debtor has made significant progress in this regard in 
        working with its pre-petition lenders and the Committee;

     -- over the past few weeks, the Debtor's management team, 
        employees and advisors have been responding to the 
        voluminous discovery requests by its pre-petition lenders;

     -- among other things, the Debtor has had preliminary 
        discussions with its prepetition lenders concerning a 
        potential liquidating plan.  Further, the Debtor is 
        advised that discussions concerning a liquidating plan 
        have taken place between the Debtor's pre-petition lenders

        and the Committee; and

     -- at all times during the first three months of the 
        bankruptcy case, the Debtor has acted in good faith and 
        has been paying its debts as those debts come due.

The Debtor believes that the proposed extension of exclusivity will
provide sufficient additional time to allow the Debtor to negotiate
with its pre-petition lenders and the Committee and formulate a
confirmable Chapter 11 plan of liquidation. 

              About Transmar Commodity Group Ltd.

Transmar Commodity Group Ltd. filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr.
S.D.N.Y. Case No. 16-13625), on Dec. 31, 2016.  The Petition was
signed by was signed by Peter G. Johnson, chairman, president and
chief executive officer.  At the time of filing, the Debtor had
estimated both assets and liabilities ranging between $100 million
to $500 million each.

The Debtor is represented by Joseph L. Schwartz, Esq., Tara J.
Schellhorn, Esq., and Rachel F. Gillen, Esq., at Riker Danzig
Scherer Hyland & Perretti LLP. The Debtor has engaged Tracy L.
Klestadt, Esq., Joseph C. Corneau, Esq., and Christopher J. Reilly,
Esq., at Klestadt Winters Jureller Southard & Stevens, LLP, as
local counsel; and GORG as German special counsel.. The Debtor has
hired DeLoitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP as its
restructuring advisor; and Donlin, Recano & Company, Inc., as its
claims and noticing agent.

The Office of the U.S. Trustee has appointed three creditors of
Transmar Commodity Group Ltd. to serve on the official committee of
unsecured creditors.


TRENDSETTER HR: Zurich Tries to Block Approval of Disclosures
-------------------------------------------------------------
Zurich American Insurance Company and American Zurich Insurance
Company filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern
District of Texas an objection to Trendsetter HR, LLC, et al.'s
corrected amended disclosure statement in support of the Debtors'
corrected amended joint consolidated plan of reorganization.

The centerpieces of the Amended Plan are: (a) the Plan Funding (the
reorganized Debtors' obligation to pay $4 million over five years);
(b) Dan Bobst's Equity Funding of $250,000; (c) purported Plan
Security posted by Dan Bobst to secure the Plan Funding; and (d) a
purported auction of the Debtors' equity.  Zurich complains that
the Disclosure Statement fails to provide critical information
related to these issues and other terms and conditions of the
Amended Plan.

Zurich says that the Disclosure Statement should not be approved
because the Amended Plan, as described in the Disclosure Statement,
is patently unconfirmable for two independent reasons.

Zurich complains that:

     a. the Debtors' Amended Plan violates the absolute priority 
        rule, even taking into account the Debtors' purported 
        equity auction.  In a half-hearted attempt to satisfy the 
        "new value" exception to the absolute priority rule, the
        Debtors propose an equity auction with no marketing of the

        "auction" whatsoever and propose that the Debtors be fully

        in charge of the sale process.  In other words, the 
        Debtors yet again seek to favor Dan Bobst by proposing an 
        equity sale designed to elicit no competitive bids.  The
        Debtors' motives behind proposing the faux sale of the 
        Debtors' equity are transparent and twofold: Dan Bobst 
        does not want to pay market price to keep his companies, 
        while at the same time he seeks to shield himself and his 
        affiliated companies from avoidance action exposure from 
        the actions that would certainly be filed by an 
        independent creditor trust or Chapter 7 trustee; and

     b. the Amended Plan contains non-consensual non-debtor 
        releases which are expressly prohibited under Fifth 
        Circuit law.  Therefore, the Amended Plan is unconfirmable

        as a matter of law, and the Court should deny approval of 
        the Disclosure Statement on that basis too. 

The Disclosure Statement is represented by:

           http://bankrupt.com/misc/txnb16-34457-210.pdf

As reported by the Troubled Company Reporter on April 26, 2017, the
Debtors filed with the Court a disclosure statement dated April 17,
2017, in support of the Debtors' amended joint consolidated plan of
reorganization.  The Amended Disclosure Statement revised the
estimated amount of Class 8 Unsecured Claims.  Class 8 Claims are
estimated between $3 million and $13.5 million.  These claims are
impaired by the Plan.  The holders will recover 25%-75%.

Zurich is represented by:

     Thomas A. Connop, Esq.
     Jonathan D. Kandelshein, Esq.
     LOCKE LORD LLP
     2200 Ross Avenue, Suite 2800
     Dallas, Texas 75201
     Tel: (214) 740-8572
     Fax: (214)-756-8216
     E-mail: tconnop@lockelord.com
             jkandelshein@lockelord.com

          -- and --

     Margaret M. Anderson, Esq.
     Ryan Schultz, Esq.
     FOX SWIBEL LEVIN & CARROLL LLP
     200 West Madison Street, Suite 3000
     Chicago, Illinois 60606
     Tel: (312) 224-1224
     Fax: (312) 224-1201
     E-mail: panderson@foxswibel.com
             rschultz@foxswibel.com

                      About Trendsetter HR

Trendsetter HR LLC filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr.
N.D.Tex. Case No. 16-34457) on November 17, 2016.  The Hon. Stacey
G. Jernigan presides over the case.  Ackerman LLP represents the
Debtor as counsel.  The Debtor also hired as counsel Davor
Rukavina, Esq., Thomas D. Berghman, Esq., and Jason A. Enright,
Esq., at Munsch Hardt Kopf & Harr, P.C.

In its petition, the Debtor estimated $1 million to $10 million in
assets and $10 million to $50 million in liabilities.  The petition
was signed by Daniel W. Bobst, president.

Trendsetter HR's case is jointly administered with Trend Personnel
Services, Inc., and TSL Staff Leasing, Inc.  Trendsetter HR is the
lead case.


TRES AMIGOS MEXICAN: Taps Thomas Bible as Legal Counsel
-------------------------------------------------------
Tres Amigos Mexican Restaurant, Inc. seeks approval from the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee to hire
legal counsel in connection with its Chapter 11 case.

The Debtor proposes to hire the Law Office of W. Thomas Bible, Jr.
to, among other things, give legal advice regarding its duties
under the Bankruptcy Code, assist in the preparation of a plan of
reorganization, and institute legal action to recover its assets.

W. Thomas Bible, Esq., and Robert Wilkinson, Esq., will be paid an
hourly fee of $250.  Meanwhile, the hourly rate for paralegals is
$105.  The firm received an initial retainer in the amount of
$2,315. 

The firm does not hold or represent any interest adverse to the
Debtor's bankruptcy estate, according to court filings.

Thomas Bible can be reached through:

     W. Thomas Bible, Jr., Esq.
     Law Office of W. Thomas Bible, Jr.  
     6918 Shallowford Road, Suite 100
     Chattanooga, TN 37421
     Phone: (423) 424-3116
     Fax: (423) 553-0639 
     Email: tom@tombiblelaw.com

              About Tres Amigos Mexican Restaurant

Tres Amigos Mexican Restaurant, Inc. sought protection under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. E.D. Tenn. Case No.
17-11500) on April 5, 2017.  The petition was signed by Janet
Hamill, owner.  

At the time of the filing, the Debtor estimated assets of less than
$50,000 and liabilities of less than $1 million.


TRUCK HERO: Gets Moody's B2 CFR After Fund Buys Controlling Stake
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's Investors Service assigned ratings to Truck Hero, Inc.
including a Corporate Family Rating ("CFR") and a Probability of
Default Rating at B2 and B2-PD, respectively. Truck Hero is the
parent company of Tectum Holdings, Inc. The rating action follows
the announcement that affiliates of CCMP Capital Advisors, LP
("CCMP") have successfully completed the acquisition of a
controlling interest in Truck Hero. In a related action Moody's
assigned a B1 rating to Truck Hero's proposed first lien senior
secured credit facilities, including a $100 million revolving
credit, a $675 million term loan; and a Caa1 to the proposed $250
million second lien senior secured term loan. The rating outlook is
negative.

Proceeds from the new term loans, along with equity from CCMP,
rollover equity from affiliates of TA Associates (the existing
owners), and rollover equity from existing management, are expected
to be used to refinance the already funded acquisition of Truck
Hero, and pay related fees and expenses.

Ratings Assigned:

Truck Hero, Inc.

Corporate Family Rating, B2;

Probability of Default, B2-PD;

$100 million first lien senior secured revolving credit facility,
B1 (LGD3);

$675 million first lien senior secured term loan facility, B1
(LGD3);

$250 million second lien senior secured term loan facility, Caa1
(LGD5);

Outlook: Negative.

The ratings of Tectum Holdings, Inc. will be withdrawn upon the
completion of the transaction.

RATINGS RATIONALE

Truck Hero's B2 Corporate Family Rating incorporates the company's
high leverage, aggressive history of acquisitions, modest revenue
base, and discretionary demand nature of its narrow product
portfolio. Pro forma for the transaction, debt/EBITDA at December
31, 2016 is estimated at about 8.2x (7.4x, including certain
management assumptions). The company's growth over past three years
has included 7 acquisitions. Yet, despite this acquisitive growth,
Truck Hero's size is considered modest (at $632 million) under the
Global Automotive Supplier Industry Methodology. Truck Hero
manufactures truck bed covers, bed liners, and caps for the pick-up
truck aftermarket, and sells truck accessory products through its
online retail business. Truck Hero's portfolio of products are
primarily light truck related, discretionary in nature, and not
related to a vehicle's overall performance. Product demand also is
partially related to new truck sales and thus is affected by
economic and fuel price trends.

The ratings also are supported by the company's demonstrated track
record of good organic annual revenue growth at approximately 16%
for the over the past three years. Truck Hero's acquisitions over
the past several years have resulted in further revenue growth and
a breadth of branded product offerings with well established niche
product market positions. The consistent demand of pick-up trucks
with 4-doors has broadened their usefulness from work related task
to family travel which has supported demand for truck accessories.
Truck Hero's EBITA margins over the recent years in the mid-teens
are expected to continue over the intermediate-term.

The negative rating outlook reflects Moody's expectation that Truck
Hero's leverage will remain high for the rating category over the
intermediate-term and that the opportunity to reduce debt over the
near-term with modest free cash flow generation likely will be
offset by acquisitions to expand product offerings.

Truck Hero is expected to have a good liquidity profile over the
near-term supported by a $100 million revolving credit facility and
expected free cash flow generation. Pro forma for the transaction,
Truck Hero is estimated to have only nominal amounts of cash on
hand. FCF/Debt is anticipated to be in the high single digits as a
percentage of debt over the next 12-18 months. As such, the
revolving credit facility should remain unused during this time
frame. The financial maintenance covenant for the senior secured
credit facilities is expected to include a maximum springing first
lien net leverage ratio test which is not expected to trigger over
the next 12-18 months.

Truck Hero's ratings could be upgraded or the outlook changed to
stable if the company integrates its recent acquisitions resulting
in EBITA/interest expense approaching 3.5x and Debt/ EBITDA
sustained below 4.5x on a run-rate basis.

Truck Hero's ratings could be downgraded if the company is unable
to integrate its recent acquisitions, or if product sales decrease
due to weak economic conditions, or competitive pressures. A
deterioration in liquidity, or a financial policy focused on debt
funded acquisitions, or shareholder distributions rather than debt
reduction could also lower the company's rating. Lower ratings
could arise if EBITA/interest expense is maintained at about 1.5x,
or if Debt/ EBITDA is sustained at above 7.x on a run-rate basis.

The principal methodology used in these ratings was Global
Automotive Supplier Industry published in June 2016. 

Truck Hero, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Truck Holdings,
Inc. (a non-operating holding company). The company manufactures
truck bed covers, bed liners, truck caps, and sells truck accessory
products through its online retail business throughout the United
States and Canada. Revenues for 2016 were $632 million. The company
was acquired by affiliates of CCMP Capital Advisors, LP from
affiliates of TA Associates.


TUL INVESTMENTS: Court Rejects Disclosure Statement
---------------------------------------------------
Judge Maureen A. Tighe of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Central
District of California issued an order denying approval of the
disclosure statement describing the chapter 11 plan of
reorganization filed by Tul Investments, Inc.

                   About Tul Investments

Tul Investments, Inc., sought protection under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Bankr. C. D. Cal. Case No. 16-12869) on October 3,
2016.  The petition was signed by Yuval Stelmach, president.

The case is assigned to Judge Maureen Tighe.  The Debtor is
represented by Matthew Abbasi, Esq., at Abbasi Law Corp.

At the time of the filing, the Debtor disclosed $1,500 in assets
and $2.3 million in liabilities.


UNILIFE CORPORATION: Taps Leydig Voit as Special Patent Counsel
---------------------------------------------------------------
Unilife Corporation seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Delaware to hire Leydig, Voit & Mayer, Ltd. as
special counsel.

The firm will provide legal services attendant to protecting the
intellectual property of Unilife and its affiliates.  The hourly
rates charged by the firm are:

     Pamela Ruschau        $500
     Charles Cohen         $465
     Steven Courtright     $350
     Robert Holland        $195
     Leanna Bultema        $195

Pamela Ruschau, Esq., a member of Leydig, disclosed in a court
filing that her firm does not hold or represent any interest
adverse to the Debtors and their bankruptcy estates.

The firm can be reached through:

     Pamela J. Ruschau, Esq. 
     Two Prudential Plaza, Suite 4900
     180 North Stetson Avenue
     Chicago, IL 60601

                    About Unilife Corporation

Unilife Corporation -- http://www.unilife.com-- is a U.S.-based   
developer and commercial supplier of injectable drug delivery
systems.  Unilife has a portfolio of innovative, differentiated
products with a primary focus on wearable injectors.  Products
within each platform are customizable to address specific customer,
drug and patient requirements. 

Unilife Corporation and its affiliates filed Chapter 11 petitions
(Bankr. S.D.N.Y. Lead Case No. 17-10805) on April 12, 2017.  The
petitions were signed by John Ryan, chief executive officer.

The Debtor disclosed total assets of $82.98 million and total
liabilities of $201.07. 

Judge Laurie Selber Silverstein presides over the case.  Cozen
O'Connor, Esq. represents the Debtor as bankruptcy counsel.  The
Debtor hired SSG Advisors, LLC as investment banker, and Rust
Consulting/Omni Bankruptcy as claims and noticing agent.


VANGUARD NATURAL: Wants Plan Exclusivity Extended to Aug. 15
------------------------------------------------------------
Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC, and its debtor-affiliates ask the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas to extend
their exclusive period to file a Chapter 11 plan to Aug. 15, 2017,
and their exclusive period to solicit acceptances to the Chapter 11
plan to Oct. 16, 2017. 

A hearing to consider the Debtors' request is scheduled for May 19,
2017, at 9:00 a.m., prevailing Central Time.

Less than three months ago, Vanguard commenced these Chapter 11
cases in the midst of a liquidity crisis.  Since then, Vanguard has
worked to stabilize its business operations, seek new capital to
fund its emergence from Chapter 11, and reach consensus with
certain stakeholders on the terms of its plan of reorganization. 
On Feb. 25, 2017, Vanguard filed its proposed Chapter 11 plan and
related disclosure statement, which have the support of substantial
holders of Vanguard's prepetition Second Lien Notes and Senior
Notes.  Notwithstanding, Vanguard is continuing to negotiate with
key stakeholders who have not yet agreed on the terms of the Plan,
including the RBL Lenders.  Vanguard has made substantial progress
with the steering committee of the RBL Lenders and other creditor
constituencies with respect to the terms and provisions of an
acceptable plan.  Vanguard believes that approval of the disclosure
statement and confirmation of the Chapter 11 plan of reorganization
are within reach. 

Given the large size of the Chapter 11 cases and the scope of
Vanguard's business, the Debtors content that a 75-day extension of
the Exclusive Periods is warranted.  These Chapter 11 cases involve
14 different Debtors, business operations in 11 states, thousands
of creditors, and active participation by both preferred and common
equity holders.  Vanguard's Chapter 11 cases -- listing total debt
at more than $1.8 billion -- are some of the largest in a string of
recently filed energy bankruptcy cases in the Southern District of
Texas.

As part of its reorganizational efforts, Vanguard is also seeking
to sell certain assets, a large portion of which are subject to
sale in Vanguard's recently approved motion for bidding procedures
to sell assets in Glasscock County, Texas.  The litigation over the
Glasscock Assets has been time intensive and complex.

Vanguard previously sought and obtained extensions of time to file
its respective schedules of assets and liabilities, schedules of
executory contracts and unexpired leases, and statement of
financial affairs.  The Court also granted Vanguard an extension of
time in which to file for removal of civil actions.

Vanguard believes that an expeditious restructuring and emergence
from Chapter 11 is crucial to preserving the value of its
businesses and is in the best interests of the estates and all its
stakeholders.  To that end, Vanguard has repeatedly demonstrated
its continuing commitment toward an expeditious restructuring. 
Central to Vanguard's restructuring efforts was entering a
Restructuring Support Agreement with holders of the Senior Notes
and the Second Lien Notes, filing a plan and disclosure statement,
and obtaining approval of the Backstop Commitment Agreement. 
Vanguard achieved those goals; however, there is still more work to
do to exit Chapter 11 in the most orderly and beneficial manner to
all parties in interest.

The motion for extension of the Exclusivity Periods was filed by:

     Chris L. Dickerson, Esq.
     Todd M. Schwartz, Esq.
     PAUL HASTINGS LLP
     71 South Wacker Drive, Suite 4500
     Chicago, IL 60606
     Tel: (312) 499-6000
     Fax: (312) 499-6100
     E-mail: chrisdickerson@paulhastings.com
             toddschwartz@paulhastings.com

          -- and --

     James T. Grogan, Esq. 
     Danny Newman, Esq.
     PAUL HASTINGS LLP
     600 Travis Street, 58th Floor
     Houston, TX 77002
     Tel: (713) 860-7300
     Fax: (713) 353-2801 
     E-mail: jamesgrogan@paulhastings.com
             dannynewman@paulhastings.com

              About Vanguard Natural Resources

Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC -- http://www.vnrllc.com/-- is a  

publicly traded limited liability company focused on the
acquisition, production and development of oil and natural gas
properties.  Vanguard's assets consist primarily of producing and
non-producing oil and natural gas reserves located in the Green
River Basin in Wyoming, the Permian Basin in West Texas and New
Mexico, the Gulf Coast Basin in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi and
Alabama, the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma and North Texas, the
Piceance Basin in Colorado, the Big Horn Basin in Wyoming and
Montana, the Arkoma Basin in Arkansas and Oklahoma, the Williston
Basin in North Dakota and Montana, the Wind River Basin in
Wyoming, and the Powder River Basin in Wyoming.

The Debtors listed total assets of $1.54 billion and total debts
of $2.3 billion as of Feb. 1, 2017.

Paul Hastings LLP is serving as legal counsel and Evercore
Partners is acting as financial advisor to Vanguard.  Opportune
LLP
is the Company's restructuring advisor.  Prime Clerk LLC is
serving
as claims and noticing agent.

Judy R. Robbins, the U.S. Trustee for Region 7, on Feb. 14, 2017,
appointed three creditors to serve on the official committee of
unsecured creditors appointed in the Debtor's case.  The Committee
hired Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP as counsel and FTI
Consulting, Inc., as financial advisor.

Attorneys for Citibank, N.A, as administrative agent under the
Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September
30, 2011, are Chris Lopez, Esq., Stephen Karotkin, Esq., and 
Joseph H. Smolinsky, Esq., at Weil Gotshal & Manges LLP.


VP LITTCO INC: Wants Interim Authorization on Cash Collateral Use
-----------------------------------------------------------------
VP Littco Inc., d/b/a Glass Doctor of Peoria & Bloomington, asks
the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of Illinois for
interim authorization to use cash collateral.

The Debtor's primary secured lender is First-Mid Illinois Bank &
Trust.

First-Mid Illinois Bank & Trust holds a security interest in most
of the Debtor's personal property assets, including accounts
receivable and deposit accounts pursuant to a Business Manager
Agreement.

The Business Manager Agreement purports to be a factoring agreement
providing for sale of the Debtor's accounts.  However, because the
Agreement requires repurchase of accounts upon demand of First-Mid
Illinois if they are delinquent, the Debtor asserts that the
Business Manager Agreement is a secured loan agreement. 

The Debtor says it needs immediate use of the cash collateral to
stay a going concern.  As such, the Debtor requests that it be
allowed to use the accounts receivable and its deposit accounts --
other than the Reserve Account provided for by the Business Manager
Agreement held in a deposit account First-Mid Illinois -- on an
interim basis pursuant to the attached cash collateral budget
pending a final determination of the sale/secured loan argument
should First-Mid Illinois choose to raise it.

The cash collateral Budget for May 2017 through October 2017
contemplates total operating expenses in the aggregate sum of
$764,187.

The Debtor suggests that a postpetition lien to replace the loss of
any prepetition receivables and a lien against the
Debtor-In-Possession deposit accounts in favor of First-Mid
Illinois would be appropriate to protect First-Mid Illinois'
interests.

A full-text copy of the Debtor's Motion, dated April 24, 2017, is
available at https://is.gd/tupoh4

A copy of the Debtor's Budget is available at https://is.gd/W2HLIS

VP Littco Inc.'s counsel:

          Sumner A. Bourne, Esq. 
          RAFOOL, BOURNE & SHELBY, P.C.
          411 Hamilton Blvd., Suite 1600
          Peoria, IL 61602
          Telephone: (309) 673-5535
          Facsimile: (309) 673-5535
          E-mail: sbnotice@mtco.com

                     About VP Littco Inc.

VP Littco Inc., d/b/a Glass Doctor of Peoria & Bloomington,
operates a glass installation and repair business, for both
commercial and residential customers, under a franchise agreement.

VP Littco Inc. filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. C.D. Ill. Case
No. 17-80599) on April 24, 2017.  Rafool, Bourne & Shelby, P.C., is
serving as counsel to the Debtor.


VPH PHARMACY: To Auction All Assets on May 24
---------------------------------------------
VPH Pharmacy, Inc., asks the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern
District of Michigan to authorize the bidding procedures in
connection with the sale of substantially all assets by public
auction on May 24, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. (ET).

The Debtor is a closed-door pharmacy that provides medications and
consulting services to approximately 60 different assisted living
centers, children's foster care facilities, adult foster care
facilities, retirement communities and long term care facilities. 
For some of these facilities, medications are needed daily.  As of
the Petition Date, there were approximately 1,500 patients that
relied on the Debtor to timely deliver their medication.

The Debtor leases the building and property located at 5376 Miller
Road, Swartz Creek, Michigan.

The Debtor was formed in 2005.  Prior to the Petition Date, the
Debtor was operated by Devenkumar C. Patel who is currently serving
a prison sentence in West Virginia, and therefore, cannot operate
the day to day affairs of the Debtor.  Prior to his incarceration,
on Dec. 2, 2016, Mr. Patel and his wife, Amee Patel, executed a
Durable Power of Attorney.  Pursuant to the Power of Attorney, Mrs.
Patel has the legal authority to act on behalf of the Debtor. 
Certain of the Debtor's customers are nursing homes in which Mrs.
Patel has an ownership interest.

Gene R. Kohut was retained as the Chief Restructuring Officer of
the Debtor ("CRO") on Jan. 6, 2017.

Cardinal Health 110, LLC and its affiliates alleges that it has a
first-priority, secured lien on a majority of the Debtor's assets.

On the Petition Date, the Debtor filed its DIP Financing Motion
where it sought to borrow $150,000 from Winrose Plus Group, Inc.
("DIP Lender").  Upon a stipulation of the Debtor, Cardinal Health
and other interested parties, the Court entered an order approving
the financing. 

On Feb. 7, 2017, a revised financing order was entered.  On Feb.
28, 2017, the Debtor, Cardinal Health, the DIP Lender and other
interested parties entered into a stipulation ("Second Financing
Order") which provided another $150,000 of financing from the DIP
Lender.  However, on March 6, 2017, the DIP Lender refused to
provide additional funds to the Debtor, as set forth in the Second
Financing Order. 

As a result of the DIP Lender's failure to provide additional
funds, the Debtor was unable to continue its operations. 
Therefore, on March 13, 2017, the Debtor outsourced its business to
Innovative Pharmaceutical Solutions Group, LLC solely on a
temporary, interim basis in an effort to ensure patient safety and
preserve accounts receivable owed by its customers to the Debtor. 
Notwithstanding the temporary outsourcing arrangement, all of the
assets subject to the outsourcing arrangement remain property of
the Debtor's estate and are subject to sale under the Motion.  The
Debtor continues to undertake efforts to maximize the value of its
estate for the benefit of creditors.

The Debtor has determined that the best method to provide the
highest return to its estate and creditors is to conduct a public
auction of its assets.  The Debtor desires to sell its assets to
the highest and best bidder pursuant to the Bidding Procedures.

The salient terms of the Bidding Procedures are:

    a. Purchase Price: A cash purchase price for the Purchased
Assets, including a cash payment for some or substantially all of
the Debtor's assets, payable in full at closing. 

    b. Earnest Money Deposit: 10% of the proposed purchase price
for the Purchased Asset

    c. Purchased Assets: The purchased assets may include all of
the tangible and intangible assets and personal property owned by
the Debtor that are used to operate and conduct the Debtor's
business operations.

    d. Bid Deadline: May 17, 2017

    e. Auction:  The Auction will commence at 10:00 a.m. (ET) on
May 24, 2017, and be held at the offices of Jaffe Raitt Heuer &
Weiss, P.C., 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 2500, Southfield,
Michigan.

    f. Bidding at the Auction will commence with the highest and
best Qualified Bid.

    g. Incremental Bid Amount: $10,000

    h. Sale Hearing: June 30, 2017

    i. Closing: June 30, 2017

A copy of the Bidding Procedures and the Proposed Purchase
Agreement attached to the Motion is available for free at:

       http://bankrupt.com/misc/VPH_Pharmacy_151_Sales.pdf

The Debtor submits that the procedures contemplated, and the
Proposed Purchase Agreement, are in the best interest of the
Debtor's estate and will increase the likelihood that the value of
its assets will be maximized pursuant to the auction process.  The
Proposed Purchase Agreement provides for the sale of the Purchased
Assets free and clear of all liens, claims and interests, with
liens to transfer to proceeds of sale in the same manner and
priority, and subject to the same defenses, as existed prepetition.
Cardinal Health supports the relief requested.  Accordingly, the
Debtor asks the Court to approve the Bidding Procedures and the
Proposed Purchase Agreement.  The Debtor further asks that the
Court schedules a Sale Hearing on the proposed sale at which it
will consider entering the Sale Order approving a sale to the
Successful Bidder.

The Debtor has executory contracts and unexpired leases that a
purchaser may deem necessary to the successful operation of the
Debtor's business.  Conversely, the Debtor may have contracts
associated with the business or its assets that may interfere with
the sale or are deemed detrimental to its estates, and upon the
sale of the Purchased Assets will no longer be beneficial to the
Debtor.  

The Debtor asks the Court to approve the assumption and assignment
of Assumed Contracts and Assumed Leases.  The counterparties to the
Assumed Contracts and Assumed Leases will file any objections to
the assumption and assignment of the Assumed Contracts and Assumed
Leases or the Cure Amount at least three business days prior to the
Sale Hearing.

The Debtor respectfully asks that the Court: (i) approves the
Bidding Procedures; (ii) schedules the Sale Hearing; and (iii)
grants such other relief that is just and equitable in the matter.

Time is of the essence in completing the transaction.  Accordingly,
the Debtor asserts that cause exists to waive the requirements of
Bankruptcy Rules 6004(g) and 6006(d), and the Debtor asks that the
Order approving the sale provides that it will be effective
immediately and that the 14-day stay under Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h)
will not apply to the sale transaction.

                   About VPH Pharmacy, Inc.

VPH Pharmacy, Inc., filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition (Bankr.
E.D. Mich. Case No. 17-30077) on Jan. 13, 2017.  The Hon. Daniel
S. Opperman presides over the case.

The Dragich Law Firm PLLC serves as counsel to the Debtor.  Dalto
Consulting, Inc., is the Debtor's financial advisor.

In its petition, the Debtor estimated $1 million to $10 million in
both assets and liabilities.  The petition was signed by Amee
Patel,
attorney in fact for Devenkumar C. Patel, sole shareholder.

The U.S. trustee for Region 9 on March 3, 2017, appointed three 
creditors to serve on the official committee of unsecured
creditors.


WONDERWORK INC: Seeks to Hire BDO USA as Auditor
------------------------------------------------
Wonderwork, Inc. seeks approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of New York to hire an auditor and tax
advisor.

The Debtor proposes to hire BDO USA, LLP to provide these services
related to its Chapter 11 case:

     (a) audit the statement of financial position of the Debtor 
         as of June 30, 2016, and related documents; 

     (b) prepare the federal Form 990 for filing no later than May

         15, 2017; and 

     (c) consult with the Debtor regarding its auditing and tax-
         related services.

The firm will be paid a flat fee of $120,000 for its auditing
services, and $5,000 for tax-related services.

For additional accounting services that are outside the scope of
services to be provided by BDO USA pursuant to its agreement with
the Debtor, the firm will charge these hourly rates:

     Partners/Directors     $500 - $650
     Senior Managers        $400 - $500
     Managers               $300 - $400
     Senior                 $220 - $300
     Staff                  $150 - $200

Adam Cole, managing partner of Greater New York Health and
Non-Profit Practices of BDO, disclosed in a court filing that his
firm is a "disinterested person" as defined in section 101(14) of
the Bankruptcy Code.

The firm can be reached through:

     Adam Cole
     BDO USA, LLP
     100 Park Avenue 
     New York, NY 10017
     Phone: 212-885-8000 
     Fax 212-697-1299

The Debtor is represented by:

     Aaron R. Cahn, Esq.
     Pamela A. Mann, Esq.
     Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP
     2 Wall Street
     New York, NY 10005
     Tel: (212) 732-3200
     Fax: (212) 732-3232

                      About Wonderwork Inc.

Wonderwork, Inc. filed a Chapter 11 petition (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. Case
No. 16-13607) on December 29, 2016.  The petition was signed by
Brian Mullaney, chief executive officer.   At the time of filing,
the Debtor estimated assets and liabilities of $10 million to $50
million.


YESHIVAH OHEL: Unsecureds to be Paid in Full Under Five Star Plan
-----------------------------------------------------------------
NY Five Star Equity Corp., a secured creditor of Yeshiva Ohel
Moshe, filed a motion with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Eastern District of New York to schedule a combined hearing on the
adequacy of their disclosure statement and the confirmation of
their proposed chapter 11 plan of reorganization.

The Debtor is a not-for-profit religious corporation that operates
from a building located at 7914 Bay Parkway, Brooklyn, New York
11214.  The Debtor operates a synagogue with 400 to 500
congregants.  In addition, the Debtor operates a school that
provides general and Judaic studies to students from
pre-kindergarten through eighth grade. 

The Debtor has not filed a plan that has been accepted by each
impaired class of claims or interests.  Moreover, the exclusive
period within which the Debtor may file an acceptable plan expired
on or about Feb. 12, 2017, and the Debtor did not seek an extension
thereof.

Thus, Five Star seeks the Court's approval to hold a Combined
Hearing on June 27, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. (ET), or as soon thereafter
as the Court's calendar permits.

Five Star submits that a Combined Hearing held on or about June 27,
2017 at 10:30 a.m. (ET) will afford all parties in interest
sufficient notice of the Combined Hearing and will give each party
a fair opportunity to review the Five Star Plan and Five Star
Disclosure Statement and, if necessary, file an appropriate
objection.

Under Five Star's plan, Class 4 will consist of Allowed General
Unsecured Claims. Holders of Allowed Class 4 Claims will be paid
the Allowed Amount in full in Cash from the New York Property Sale
Proceeds that remain after payment to holders of Allowed
Administrative Claims and the Allowed Claims in Classes 1, 2, and 3
in accordance with the terms of the Plan and as soon as practicable
after the closing of the sale of the Property. 

In the event remaining Property Sale Proceeds are insufficient to
satisfy the Allowed General Unsecured Claims in full, such Allowed
General Unsecured Claims shall be paid in full in Cash from the
Stock Sale Proceeds following a sale of some or all of the shares
of stock in the Debtor's Brokerage Account. This Class is
unimpaired.

The Disclosure Statement is available at:

         http://bankrupt.com/misc/nyeb1-16-43681-129.pdf

Attorneys for NY Five Star Equity Corp:

     Seth H. Lieberman, Esq.
     Eric M. Fishman, Esq.
     Matthew W. Silverman, Esq.
     PRYOR CASHMAN LLP 
     7 Times Square 
     New York, NY 10036 
     Telephone: (212) 421-4100 
     Facsimile: (212) 326-0806 

Yeshivah Ohel Moshe filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection
(Bankr. E.D.N.Y. Case No. 16-43681) on August 16, 2016. 


[^] BOND PRICING: For the Week from April 24 to April 28
--------------------------------------------------------
  Company                    Ticker  Coupon  Bid Price   Maturity
  -------                    ------  ------  ---------   --------
A. M. Castle & Co            CASL      5.250    15.548 12/30/2019
A. M. Castle & Co            CASL      7.000    58.000 12/15/2017
American Eagle Energy Corp   AMZG     11.000     0.933   9/1/2019
Amyris Inc                   AMRS      6.500    53.575  5/15/2019
Armstrong Energy Inc         ARMS     11.750    55.260 12/15/2019
Armstrong Energy Inc         ARMS     11.750    56.750 12/15/2019
Avaya Inc                    AVYA     10.500    15.375   3/1/2021
Avaya Inc                    AVYA     10.500    16.000   3/1/2021
BPZ Resources Inc            BPZR      6.500     3.017   3/1/2015
BPZ Resources Inc            BPZR      6.500     3.017   3/1/2049
Bank of America Corp         BAC       4.650    99.755   5/3/2017
Bon-Ton Department 
  Stores Inc/The             BONT      8.000    40.500  6/15/2021
CEDC Finance Corp 
  International Inc          CEDC     10.000    23.750  4/30/2018
Caesars Entertainment 
  Operating Co Inc           CZR       5.750    74.875  10/1/2017
Calvert Social Investment 
  Foundation Inc             CALVRT    1.000    97.990  5/15/2017
Chassix Holdings Inc         CHASSX   10.000     8.000 12/15/2018
Chassix Holdings Inc         CHASSX   10.000     8.000 12/15/2018
Chukchansi Economic 
  Development Authority      CHUKCH    9.750    40.500  5/30/2020
Chukchansi Economic 
  Development Authority      CHUKCH    9.750    40.625  5/30/2020
Cinedigm Corp                CIDM      5.500    28.625  4/15/2035
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       9.000    46.250  3/15/2019
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       8.875    11.000  3/15/2019
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       6.125    41.500  3/15/2020
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       9.000    46.000  3/15/2019
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       7.750    14.375   6/1/2020
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       6.125    40.750  3/15/2020
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       9.000    46.375  3/15/2019
Claire's Stores Inc          CLE       7.750    14.375   6/1/2020
Cobalt International 
  Energy Inc                 CIE       2.625    38.500  12/1/2019
Cumulus Media Holdings Inc   CMLS      7.750    27.938   5/1/2019
Emergent Capital Inc         EMGC      8.500    42.682  2/15/2019
Energy Conversion 
  Devices Inc                ENER      3.000     7.875  6/15/2013
Energy Future Holdings Corp  TXU       6.500    13.500 11/15/2024
Energy Future Holdings Corp  TXU      11.250    30.000  11/1/2017
Energy Future Holdings Corp  TXU       9.750    29.250 10/15/2019
Energy Future Holdings Corp  TXU      10.875    29.500  11/1/2017
Energy Future Holdings Corp  TXU      10.875    29.500  11/1/2017
Energy Future Holdings Corp  TXU       5.550     6.500 11/15/2014
Energy Future Intermediate 
  Holding Co LLC / 
  EFIH Finance Inc           TXU      11.250    35.000  12/1/2018
Energy Future Intermediate 
  Holding Co LLC / 
  EFIH Finance Inc           TXU      11.250    30.000  12/1/2018
Energy Future Intermediate 
  Holding Co LLC / 
  EFIH Finance Inc           TXU       9.750    34.875 10/15/2019
Energy Future Intermediate 
  Holding Co LLC / 
  EFIH Finance Inc           TXU       6.875    26.500  8/15/2017
Fleetwood Enterprises Inc    FLTW     14.000     3.557 12/15/2011
GenOn Energy Inc             GENONE    7.875    69.563  6/15/2017
GenOn Energy Inc             GENONE    9.500    61.505 10/15/2018
GenOn Energy Inc             GENONE    9.500    62.188 10/15/2018
GenOn Energy Inc             GENONE    9.500    62.135 10/15/2018
Global Brokerage Inc         GLBR      2.250    34.000  6/15/2018
Goodman Networks Inc         GOODNT   12.125    40.000   7/1/2018
Gymboree Corp/The            GYMB      9.125     4.250  12/1/2018
Homer City Generation LP     HOMCTY    8.137    38.750  10/1/2019
Horsehead Holding Corp       ZINC     10.500    80.250   6/1/2017
Illinois Power 
  Generating Co              DYN       7.000    32.000  4/15/2018
Illinois Power 
  Generating Co              DYN       6.300    36.625   4/1/2020
Iracore International 
  Holdings Inc               IRACOR    9.500    52.000   6/1/2018
Iracore International 
  Holdings Inc               IRACOR    9.500    52.000   6/1/2018
IronGate Energy 
  Services LLC               IRONGT   11.000    37.250   7/1/2018
IronGate Energy 
  Services LLC               IRONGT   11.000    36.125   7/1/2018
IronGate Energy 
  Services LLC               IRONGT   11.000    36.125   7/1/2018
IronGate Energy 
  Services LLC               IRONGT   11.000    36.125   7/1/2018
Jack Cooper Holdings Corp    JKCOOP    9.250    37.250   6/1/2020
James River Coal Co          JRCC      7.875     1.383   4/1/2019
Las Vegas Monorail Co        LASVMC    5.500     0.833  7/15/2019
Lehman Brothers 
  Holdings Inc               LEH       5.000     3.326   2/7/2009
Lehman Brothers 
  Holdings Inc               LEH       4.000     3.326  4/30/2009
Lehman Brothers 
  Holdings Inc               LEH       2.070     3.326  6/15/2009
Lehman Brothers 
  Holdings Inc               LEH       1.600     3.326  11/5/2011
Lehman Brothers 
  Holdings Inc               LEH       2.000     3.326   3/3/2009
Lehman Brothers 
  Holdings Inc               LEH       1.500     3.326  3/29/2013
Lehman Brothers 
  Holdings Inc               LEH       1.383     3.326  6/15/2009
Lehman Brothers Inc          LEH       7.500     1.226   8/1/2026
Levi Strauss & Co            LEVI      6.875   103.529   5/1/2022
Lumbermens Mutual 
  Casualty Co                KEMPER    9.150     0.867   7/1/2026
MF Global Holdings Ltd       MF        3.375    28.125   8/1/2018
MModal Inc                   MODL     10.750    10.125  8/15/2020
Memorial Production 
  Partners LP / Memorial 
  Production Finance Corp    MEMP      7.625    38.000   5/1/2021
Midstates Petroleum 
  Co Inc / Midstates 
  Petroleum Co LLC           MPO      10.750     0.521  10/1/2020
Mirant Mid-Atlantic 
  Series B Pass 
  Through Trust              GENONE    9.125    91.500  6/30/2017
NRG REMA LLC                 GENONE    9.237    74.002   7/2/2017
Nine West Holdings Inc       JNY       6.875    23.625  3/15/2019
Nine West Holdings Inc       JNY       8.250    26.000  3/15/2019
Nine West Holdings Inc       JNY       8.250    23.375  3/15/2019
OMX Timber Finance 
  Investments II LLC         OMX       5.540     9.000  1/29/2020
Permian Holdings Inc         PRMIAN   10.500    29.250  1/15/2018
Permian Holdings Inc         PRMIAN   10.500    29.250  1/15/2018
Pernix Therapeutics 
  Holdings Inc               PTX       4.250    30.867   4/1/2021
Pernix Therapeutics 
  Holdings Inc               PTX       4.250    30.867   4/1/2021
Prospect Holding Co LLC / 
  Prospect Holding 
  Finance Co                 PRSPCT   10.250    48.250  10/1/2018
Qwest Corp                   CTL       6.500   100.374   6/1/2017
RAAM Global Energy Co        RAMGEN   12.500     1.750  10/1/2015
Rex Energy Corp              REXX      8.875    42.102  12/1/2020
River Rock 
  Entertainment Authority    RIVER     9.000    27.000  11/1/2018
Rolta LLC                    RLTAIN   10.750    22.750  5/16/2018
Samson Investment Co         SAIVST    9.750     7.280  2/15/2020
SquareTwo Financial Corp     SQRTW    11.625     8.000   4/1/2017
SunEdison Inc                SUNE      2.375     0.938  4/15/2022
SunEdison Inc                SUNE      5.000    30.000   7/2/2018
SunEdison Inc                SUNE      3.375     0.938   6/1/2025
SunEdison Inc                SUNE      2.000     0.938  10/1/2018
SunEdison Inc                SUNE      2.750     0.938   1/1/2021
SunEdison Inc                SUNE      0.250     0.938  1/15/2020
SunEdison Inc                SUNE      2.625     1.125   6/1/2023
TMST Inc                     THMR      8.000    17.500  5/15/2013
Talos Production LLC / 
  Talos Production 
  Finance Inc                TALPRO    9.750    67.125  2/15/2018
Talos Production LLC / 
  Talos Production 
  Finance Inc                TALPRO    9.750    67.125  2/15/2018
TerraVia Holdings Inc        TVIA      5.000    42.000  10/1/2019
TerraVia Holdings Inc        TVIA      6.000    67.750   2/1/2018
Terrestar Networks Inc       TSTR      6.500    10.000  6/15/2014
Trans-Lux Corp               TNLX      8.250    20.125   3/1/2012
UCI International LLC        UCII      8.625     6.875  2/15/2019
Unifrax I LLC / 
  Unifrax Holding Co         FRAX      7.500   100.250  2/15/2019
Unifrax I LLC / 
  Unifrax Holding Co         FRAX      7.500    99.750  2/15/2019
Vanguard Operating LLC       VNR       8.375    57.250   6/1/2019
Violin Memory Inc            VMEM      4.250     7.000  10/1/2019
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      9.500     0.314 10/15/2019
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      8.500     0.834  4/15/2021
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      9.875     0.834 12/15/2020
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      9.500     0.314 10/15/2019
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      9.500     0.314 10/15/2019
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      9.500     0.314 10/15/2019
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      9.875     0.834 12/15/2020
Walter Energy Inc            WLTG      9.875     0.834 12/15/2020
Walter Investment 
  Management Corp            WAC       4.500    32.250  11/1/2019
iHeartCommunications Inc     IHRT      6.875    71.000  6/15/2018
iHeartCommunications Inc     IHRT     10.000    83.000  1/15/2018
rue21 inc                    RUE       9.000    13.000 10/15/2021
rue21 inc                    RUE       9.000    21.050 10/15/2021


                            *********

Monday's edition of the TCR delivers a list of indicative prices
for bond issues that reportedly trade well below par.  Prices are
obtained by TCR editors from a variety of outside sources during
the prior week we think are reliable.  Those sources may not,
however, be complete or accurate.  The Monday Bond Pricing table
is compiled on the Friday prior to publication.  Prices reported
are not intended to reflect actual trades.  Prices for actual
trades are probably different.  Our objective is to share
information, not make markets in publicly traded securities.
Nothing in the TCR constitutes an offer or solicitation to buy or
sell any security of any kind.  It is likely that some entity
affiliated with a TCR editor holds some position in the issuers
public debt and equity securities about which we report.

Each Tuesday edition of the TCR contains a list of companies with
insolvent balance sheets whose shares trade higher than $3 per
share in public markets.  At first glance, this list may look like
the definitive compilation of stocks that are ideal to sell short.
Don't be fooled.  Assets, for example, reported at historical cost
net of depreciation may understate the true value of a firm's
assets.  A company may establish reserves on its balance sheet for
liabilities that may never materialize.  The prices at which
equity securities trade in public market are determined by more
than a balance sheet solvency test.

On Thursdays, the TCR delivers a list of recently filed
Chapter 11 cases involving less than $1,000,000 in assets and
liabilities delivered to nation's bankruptcy courts.  The list
includes links to freely downloadable images of these small-dollar
petitions in Acrobat PDF format.

Each Friday's edition of the TCR includes a review about a book of
interest to troubled company professionals.  All titles are
available at your local bookstore or through Amazon.com.  Go to
http://www.bankrupt.com/books/to order any title today. 

Monthly Operating Reports are summarized in every Saturday edition
of the TCR.

The Sunday TCR delivers securitization rating news from the week
then-ending.

TCR subscribers have free access to our on-line news archive.
Point your Web browser to http://TCRresources.bankrupt.com/and use 
the e-mail address to which your TCR is delivered to login.

                            *********

S U B S C R I P T I O N   I N F O R M A T I O N

Troubled Company Reporter is a daily newsletter co-published
by Bankruptcy Creditors Service, Inc., Fairless Hills,
Pennsylvania, USA, and Beard Group, Inc., Washington, D.C., USA.  
Jhonas Dampog, Marites Claro, Joy Agravante, Rousel Elaine
Tumanda, Valerie Udtuhan, Howard C. Tolentino, Carmel Paderog,
Meriam Fernandez, Joel Anthony G. Lopez, Cecil R. Villacampa,
Sheryl Joy P. Olano, Psyche A. Castillon, Ivy B. Magdadaro, Carlo
Fernandez, Christopher G. Patalinghug, and Peter A. Chapman,
Editors.

Copyright 2017.  All rights reserved.  ISSN: 1520-9474.

This material is copyrighted and any commercial use, resale or
publication in any form (including e-mail forwarding, electronic
re-mailing and photocopying) is strictly prohibited without prior
written permission of the publishers.  Information contained
herein is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but is
not guaranteed.

The TCR subscription rate is $975 for 6 months delivered via
e-mail.  Additional e-mail subscriptions for members of the same
firm for the term of the initial subscription or balance thereof
are $25 each.  For subscription information, contact Peter A. 
Chapman at 215-945-7000 or Nina Novak at 202-362-8552.

                   *** End of Transmission ***